People only get jealous when they care.
I still think I am the greatest.
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
Shut the fuck up I will fucking laser you with alien fucking eyes and explode your fucking head
Let's be like water
Just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying.
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
I'm the best
Only free thinkers
Man... whatever happened to my antique fish tank?
I'm a creative genius
People always tell you 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
My greatest award is what I'm about to do.
I want the world to be better! All I want is positive! All I want is dopeness!
Decentralize
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought
The world is our family
People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? Cause think of all the people that you will please if you try.
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing.
Pulling up in the may bike
I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on
Sometimes I push the door close button on people running towards the elevator. I just need my own elevator sometimes. My sanctuary.
If I got any cooler I would freeze to death
For me giving up is way harder than trying.
All you have to be is yourself
One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a f#%k is caring the most.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the rising sun.
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
Burn that excel spread sheet
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle
I make awesome decisions in bike stores!!!
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success
Tweeting is legal and also therapeutic
I leave my emojis bart Simpson color
Have you ever thought you were in love with someone but then realized you were just staring in a mirror for 20 minutes?
Perhaps I should have been more like water today
2024
My dad got me a drone for Christmas
I'm nice at ping pong
If I don't scream, if I don't say something then no one's going to say anything.
One of my favorite of many things about what the Trump hat represents to me is that people can't tell me what to do because I'm black
Sometimes you have to get rid of everything
I feel calm but energized
I give up drinking every week
Keep squares out yo circle
I wish I had a friend like me
Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love
The world is our office
Distraction is the enemy of vision
Truth is my goal. Controversy is my gym. I'll do a hundred reps of controversy for a 6 pack of truth
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
Today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better
I really love my Tesla. I'm in the future. Thank you Elon.
Style is genderless
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka...and welcome to my chocolate factory.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
George Bush doesn't care about black people
# Farmed from https://api.kanye.rest/