Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo mama so bald you can see whats on her mind
Yo mama so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo mama's so bald her hair looks like stitches.
Yo mama's so bald she curls her hair with rice.
Yo momma is so bald and talented she can blow dry her hair answer yes to all your questions and give head at the same time
Yo mama's so bald, Mr. Clean got jealous.
Yo mama's so bald, that when she put on a sweater, folk thought she was a roll on deoderant!
Yo mama's so bald, when she braids her hair, it remind me of stitches.
Yo mama's so bald, when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
yo mama is so bald that when she stood near a wall Lil wayne sang "Mirror On The Wall"
Yo mama so bald, I could polish her head and take her bowling.
Yo mama soo bald even the hairdressers used her head for a mirror
Yo momma so bald, you can play Air Hockey on her head.
Yo mama so bald people feel sad because they think she had cancer
Yo mama so bald that Vin Diesel thought she was his twin.
yo mama so bald she moonlights as a crystal ball.
Yo Moma is so bald, that when i rubbed on her head i could see the future.
Yo mamma so bald birds land on her head
yo mommas so bald, we thought the sun was rising when she got up
yo momma so bald that when its cloudy out at night you still see a full moon
Yo momma so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a busted condom.
Yo mama so fat when she said I'm going to take off my clothes off, I said you didn't need to because I can already see your body parts.
Yo mama's ass is so hairy they have it on a sign at Yellowstone saying "Don't feed the bears"
Yo mama's forehead looks so big people mistake it for the "Great Wall of China."
yo mama forehead is so big that you can sit a whole dinner table on it.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to go around the corner to change her mind.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagara falls.
Yo mama's head is so big, it shows up on radar.
Yo mama's head is so big, when she tries to tie her shoes, the bitch flips over.
Yo mama's head is so big, she has to step into her shirts.
Yo Mama's head so big, her dreams are in IMAX.
Yo Mama head is so big she needs cotton wool to fill up her brain
Yo mama's head is so big, she don't have dreams, she has movies.
Yo mama's head is so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
Yo mama's head is so little, she could wear fruit loops as head rags.
Yo mama's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama's head is so small, she uses a tea bag for a pillow.
yo mama head is filled of so much hot air she can fly like the birds and sing like a canary.
Yo mama's hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
Yo mama's legs are like Jif, easy to spread.
Yo mama's legs are so hairy if she had fur coat & a banana they'd stick her back in the zoo.
Yo mama's legs are so white, they'd disintegrate Dracula.
Yo mama's lips are so big, that ChapStick had to invent a spray.
Yo mama's lips are so big, she whispers in her own ear
Yo mamma lips so Big, she got to put her lipstick on with a paint brush
Yo mama's lips are so big, she uses Mop & Glow for lipstick.
Yo mama's lips are so big, when you smile you wet your hair.
Yo mama's lips are so big, when she smiles she gets ChapStick on her ears.
Yo mama's lips are so big, she went to whisper in my ear and she whispered in both my ears at the same time
Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo Mama's nails so big, she dug the english channel....from texas.
Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
Yo mama nose so big that her neck broke from the weight!
Yo mama teeth are so big she flosses with a blanket
Yo mamas teeth so big when she laughs she stabs herself in the chest
Yo mama teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles!
Yo momma teeth so yellow that when she looked up at the sun the sun said hey cuz!
Yo mama teeth are so yellow when she closes her mouth her butt lights up
Yo mamas teeth are so yellow,I thought I was watching despicable.me
Yo mama teeth are so yellow she spits butter on popcorn!
yo mama teeth so yellow when she smiled she looked like a Chevrolet logo!
yo mama teeth are so yellow when she went to church the priest said I see light
Yo mamas teeth are so yellow when she stands at a crosswalk the cars slow down
Yo momma teeth so yellow when she smiled traffic slowed down
Yo mama so teeth so nasty, she was accused of doing meth.
yo momma teeth so dirty when she went to reach for her tooth brush and it did the matrix and said "you not picking me"
Yo mama teeth are so yellow it looks like she brushes her teeth with vanilla wafers
Yo mamma teeth so yellow they worth more than 10 gold bars
yo mama teeth is so yellow when she drink water it turns into lemonade
Yo mama's teeth so big, when I seen her I thought she was Chuckie Cheese
Yo mama teeth is so yellow that when god said let their be light, she opened her mouth.
Yo mama teeth so big when she sneezes she pokes a hole throw her stomach
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow I can't beilieve it's butter!
Yo mama teeth is so bright the Sun needs glasses
Yo mama teeth so yellow, when she smiled it looked like she was giving out free urine samples.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles she puts the sun out of buisness for good.
yo mama so bucktoothed she put the easter bunny out of business.
Yo mama pussy smell soo bad yo daddy ran for shore......
Yo mama pussy so tight, instead of using a Tampon, she uses a Q-tip.
Yo mama pussy so tight, all the guys need a pry her loose with a Crow Bar before they Bang her.
Yo mama pussy so tight, she had to drill a hole in her Gina so she can insert a Tampon
Yo mama is so old her pussy is like a dried up chalk board
Yo mama's ass is so big, she has to use a reservoir for a toilet
Yo mama's ankles are so ashy, it looks like she's wearing socks.
Yo mama's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two.
Yo mama's butt is so big, it looks like 2 pigs fighting over milk duds.
Yo mama's feet are so big and nasty, when she wants jam, she gets someone to run a loaf of bread between her toes.
Yo mama's feet so big, her sneakers need license plates.
Yo mama's ass is so big, its got more crack than Mayor Marion Barry.
Yo mama's ass is so big, she takes up 5 rows of seats in the theater.
Yo Mama's ass is so big, her toilet's got a wave machine.
yo mamma got such a big butt, Nicki Minaj is jealous.
Yo momma ass is so big, she bent over and got arrested for selling crack.
Yo momma forehead's so big, you could show slides on it.
Yo mama's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Chocolate Milk.
yo mamas chin so fat it looks like two hippos banging all day long.
Yo mama's neck is so wrinkled, she can grate cheese on it.
Yo mama's neck is so long, when she drinks milk, IT EXPIRES ON THE WAY DOWN!
Yo mama's gums are so black, she spits Yoo Hoo.
Yo mama's bellybutton is so big, she uses it as a cup holder.
Yo mama's butt cheeks are so big, even Moses couldn't part them.
Yo Mama eyes are so big that they can see the future.
Yo mama teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo Mama's missing so many teeth it looks like her tounge is in jail.
Yo mama so ashy when she scratched her arm she made it snow.
Yo mama bites her nails so much, her stomach needs a manicure!
Yo Mama's scalp so dirty, her hair started a protest...Hell no we won't grow....Hell No....
yo mamas so fat construction workers use her boobs as wrecking balls.
Yo mama's legs are like curdled milk, white and chunky
Yo mama so stupid, she thought mentos were a man's toes and wondered why people ate them.
Yo momma has one toe,and one knee, we call her tony
Yo mama's so black every time she gets in a car the check oil light comes on
Yo mama's so black if she sat in a jacuzy the water turned into coffee
Yo mama's so black she went to night school and got marked absent
Yo mama's so black she bleeds smoke
Yo mama's so black she drinks water and pees coffee.
Yo mama's so black that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime
Yo mama's so black I shot her and the bullets came back with flashlights saying "I can't find the bitch"
Yo mama so black her blood type is burnt
Yo mama's so black, she could show up naked to a funeral.
Yo mama's so black, when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger.
Yo mama's so black, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
yo mama so black when she eats chocolate cake she has to put white gloves on.
Yo mama's so black, her ass looks like two tires.
Yo mama's so black, she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars.
Yo mama's so black, when she goes outside the street lights turn on.
yo momma is so black, when you wrap her in plastic she looks like soy sauce.
Yo mama's so black, she got her tattoo done in chalk.
yo mama so black she got a PHD in Hide-N-Seek
Yo mama so black, tarcoal is made of her sweat.
Yo mama so black that when she was born they had to look for her with a torch
yo momma so black, when god made her he said "Damn I burnt one"
yo momma so black her refrigerator only has KFC, malt liquor, and Tahitian Treat
Yo momma so black you cant see when shit comes out of her crack.
Yo mama so black she don't know who her daddy is and neither do you.
yo mama so black that the cctv cameras went to night mode as soon as it saw her during the day.
Yo mama so black she has to use coffee grounds as makeup
Yo mama so black she blend in with the chalkboard
Yo mama so black and ugly when she looked in the mirror she said "Holy Shit"
Yo mama so black people think shes batman
Yo Mama so black she walked into a restaraunt wearing a black shirt, The manager said no shoes, no shirt, no service.
yo mama's ass is so black that your dad doesn't buy shoe polish
Yo mama so black that she literally spits rhymes.
Yo momma so black, nobody knows where she begins and her shadow ends.
Yo mama so black, she makes Darth Vader look like he needs a tan!
Yo mama so fat and black, Matthew McConaughey went intersellar on her ass.
Yo momma so black when she got out the car the oil light came on
Yo mama's so black, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
yo mama so black she could pull her lips over her head and turn them into a beanie
Yo momma so black, her nickname is blacker because nothing is blacker than yo momma.
Yo momma is so black Wesley Snipes, Don Cheadle, and Jessie Lawrence Fergueson fight to call her momma.
Yo mama's so black, she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows.
Yo mama so black and old she refuses to take aspirin, because she's tired of picking cotton
Yo mama's so Black she looks like a satellite picture of North Korea at night.
Yo mama so black, Batman uses her as a backup cape.
Yo mamas so black and dumb, she got diarrhea and told the doctor she was melting.
Yo mama is so black, that she doesn't even need a shadow!
Yo mama & daddy so black the dark side of the moon got jealous
Yo mama's so black, when she spits, ink comes out her mouth.
Yo mama and daddy so black that your family pictures look like ultrasounds
Yo mama's so black when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants
yo mama is so black, when she drinks milk you can see it going down her throat
Yo mama is so fat and black when she goes swimming the coast guard thinks there's an oil spill.
Yo mama's so black when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights
Yo mama's so black when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill.
Yo mama so black she breastfeeds chocolate milk
yo mama so black, little kids think she's the worlds biggest brownie.
Yo mama so black, Batman had to call himself the white knight.
yo mama is so black when she jumped into the pool the pool said sorry i don't drink coke
Yo mama so black and her teeth are so yellow, when she was crossing the road at night the only way you could see her was when she smiled.
Yo mama so black, when she comes outside, I get free nights and weekends
Yo mama so black, I clicked on her profile pic and thought my phone died.
Yo mama is so black, we were walking and she stepped on the black asphalt and I was like "Wow where'd she go?"
Yo Momma So black, she was born with bad credit.
Yo mama so black and fat her nickname is Hershey's Special Dark
yo mama so poor and black when she comes home the roaches sing "We are family"
yo momma is so black when she broke her leg and got crutches they called her shit on a stick
Yo mama so black when she lay in the street she look like a skid mark
yo mama so black and diabetic she pees chocolate milk and shits award winning brownies.
Yo momma so fat and black, she looks like a burnt marshmallow.
Yo mama so black that the moon has to follow her at night
Yo mama so black that when my phones dead I see her profile picture.
Yo momma is so black that when she skydived at night and her parachute failed, nobody noticed.
Yo mama's so black, when she went to night school she got marked absent!
Yo mama's so black, if they put you in a bottle You'd be a Pepsi
Yo mama's so black if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
yo mama so black when she jumped up it was night
Yo mama's so black we use a flash light to see her at night
Yo Momma so black that when she went to a funeral butt naked and every one thought she was properly dressed.
yo momma so black that she got in the hot-tub and made coffee!
yo momma so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer!
yo mama so fat and black that when she go to the beach people yell "Free willy!"
Yo mama is so black on the beach they call her an oil spill
yo momma so black. yo daddy decided to use her as charcoal for the fire
yo momma so black that when God said let there be light she was out of town.
Yo mama is so black she looks like a giant candy bar
Yo Mama so black, when she went to space the milky way became coca cola.
yo mama so black that when I clicked on her profile pic I thought my phone battery died
Yo mama so black, fat, and hairy she had sex with a white boy and gave birth to a panda bear.
Yo momma so black, I can see her eyes floating at night.
Yo momma so black, everything she says is full of shit
yo momma so black her nickname was and is midnight
Yo mama so short and black that people call her ne(don't)gro
Yo mama so black her shadow was laid-off.
Yo mama so black, when God said, "Let there be light!" He had to turn to her and say, "Ahem! I said let there be light....? That means you gotta leave."
YO Mama's so black when she was born her parents said 'oh shit happened'
Yo mama is so black they shredded her and put her in a crayola box with the whites and Mexicans
Yo Mama's so black that her favorite dinosaur is a Tri-scared-a-cops
Yo mama so fat, black and diabetic, her tears are made of nutella.
Yo momma so fat and black when she jumped into the ocean they accused BP of another oil spill.
Yo momma so black she's the reason kids are afraid of the dark.
Yo mama so black she writes with her fingers.
Yo mama so black, she always wins at laser tag because the other lasers cant find her.
Yo mama is so black you could not even see her pussy
yo momma so black that god said shit I burned one
Yo Mama so black she joined the SWAT Team and all they gave her was a gun.
Yo Ma Ma
Yo mama so butch, she threw the shot-put in high-school.
Yo mama so butch, her dick is bigger than mine.
Yo mama so butch, her middle name is Rambo
Yo mama is so masculine that everytime she grunts, she grows a mustache.
Yo mama so butch, not even Cristiane "Cyborg" Justino would step into a ring with her.
Yo mama so butch, she's the worlds first a one-legged lesbian kick boxer.
Yo momma so butch, even Justin Beiber wanted to be her girlfriend.
Yo momma so butch that her hair doesn't go past her ears.
Yo momma so butch, she's twice the man you are
Yo momma so butch, she kicked Holly Holm so hard in the head it knocked Ronda Rousey out.
Yo mama so butch she takes more steroids than A-Rod.
Yo mama so butch she calls yo daddy "my bitch".
Yo mama so butch yo daddy has to shave her beard with the lawnmower.
Yo mama so butch she made yo daddy pregnant.
Yo mama so butch her boobs are more hairy than yo daddy's balls.
Yo mama so butch yo daddy calls her "my man".
Yo mama so butch, she fixes her own car.
Yo mama so butch evern her pool table has no balls.
Yo momma so butch, she has a tattoo on her back that says "Who's The Man?"
Yo mama so butch she's one hell of a knockout.
Yo mamma so butch she makes yo daddy ride bitch on her motorcycle.
Yo mama so chatty when she signed into Skype it said "Error: Too Much Information"
Yo mama so chatty she's the reason, Raj from the Big Bang Theory doesn't talk to women.
Yo momma so chatty that even Whitney Cummings became annoyed.
Yo mamma so chatty her parents must have been siblings.
Yo mama so chatty, the only place she's ever invited is outside.
Yo mamma so chatty her and cash me outside girl are sisters.
Yo mama so chatty she makes telemarketers "hang up".
Yo momma so chatty she went through 7 sets of foster parents, because she kept talking them to death.
Yo mama so chatty, I'll never forget the time we first met, although I'll keep trying.
Yo Mama so chatty she is audible in space.
Yo mama so chatty, her voice box died when she was 5!
Yo momma so chatty, that social distancing is ruining her life.
Yo mama so chatty that I don't just think she's annoying... I think she might also be... insane.
yo mama so chatty that her parents legally emancipated her the first chance they got.
Yo mama so chatty she makes deaf people speak "shut up"
Yo mama so chatty she is banned from talk shows.
Yo mama so chatty she gave a eulogy at her own funeral.
Yo mama so chatty she can have a conversation while in a coma.
Yo mama so chatty, that if ignorance is bliss, then she must be the happiest person alive.
Yo mama so chatty her tongue has abs.
Yo mama so chatty she talks in paragraphs per second.
Yo mamma so chatty that if she killed every person that haters her, it wouldn't be murder it would be genocide.
Yo mama so chatty, I gave her a quarter and told her to call all her friends and she brought back change.
Yo mama so chatty, even the pastor tries to avoid her.
Yo mama so chatty her nickname is Blabbermouth.
Yo mama so clumsy, she makes humpty dumpty look like gymnasts.
Yo mama so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo mama so awkward and clumsy she makes Napoleon Dynamite look like James Bond.
Yo mama so tall and clumsy, she airballs more free throws then DeAndre Jordan.
Yo momma so clumsy when she wears yellow they call her the bumbling bee.
Yo momma is super clumsy and she has the bruises to prove it.
Yo mama so clumsy people don't know if she's drunk or needs glasses.
Yo momma so clumsy her and the floor are best friends.
Yo momma so clumsy she tripped on a wireless network.
Yo mama so clumsy if there was an award for being clumsy she's probably trip over it.
Yo momma so clumsy she might as well be wearing banana peel slippers.
Yo momma so clumsy, skinned knees and bruises are part of her everyday look.
Yo mama so ugly she is the reason why Batman wears black.
Yo mama so ugly she made the Joker stop laughing
Yo Mama's so fat, it took Thanos two snaps to kill her.
Yo momma so old she knew Nick Fury when both of his eyes worked.
Yo mama so stupid she made an appointment with Dr. Doom
Yo mama so ugly when she puts on her Superman costume people yell out Bizzaro.
Yo Mama so short she became a sidekick to Ant-Man
Yo mama so fat when she joined the Avengers, she destroyed New York City.
Yo mama so stupid she thought Captain America was an American sailor
Yo momma so ugly she put Deadpool to shame.
Yo mama so fat Thanos had to snap twice.
Yo Mama's farts are so toxic when she farted The Multiverse exploded.
yo mama so fat that Nightcrawler cant teleport to the other side of her.
Yo mama so old she knew Captain America before he was frozen in a glacier
Yo mama is so fat, when the Flash tried to run around her, he died before he could even get halfway.
yo mama so ugly when she joined the Legion of doom Lex Luthor made her leader which the justice league could not help
Yo mama so ugly her blood is the main ingredient in Kryptonite
Yo momma so ugly she's the reason way Dr. Doom wears a mask.
Yo mama so mean that when she wears green people think she's the Incredible Hulk.
yo mamas so ugly she scared the colossal titan (Attack on Titan).
Yo mamma so fat, that the backstory of DeadPOOL was when she jumped into my pool!
Yo mama so dumb she called Spiderman for pest control.
Yo momma so mean, Bruce Banner turns green just thinking about her.
Yo mamma so fat that even Superman couldn't pick her up.
Yo mama so ugly, not even Harley Quinn can laugh about it.
Yo Mama so strong she makes The Thing look like Nothing.
Yo mama so fat that only Richie Rich could pay for her lipo-suction operation.
Yo mama so stupid she thought Ultron was a new security system.
Yo mama so fat the Flash died running around her.
Yo momma so big that even the Hulk couldn't smash her
Yo mama so nasty she's not even allowed to look at Thor's hammer.
Yo mama so fat, the Flash died trying to run around her.
Yo mama so short even Ant man can't even see her.....
Yo momma so strong, that DC Comics wanted her to be Wonder Woman.
Yo mama is so stupid she went to the super market to see Superman
Yo mama so fat she ate the entire Green Lantern corp.
Yo Mama so thick and nasty she pays wolverine to scratch her back.
Yo mama so nasty she once farted near bane and he wore a mask for the rest of his life.
Yo Mamma so strong that she can pick up Thor's hammer!
Yo mama so dumb she called Tony stark to iron her pants.
Yo mama so fat she broke captain america's shield by sitting on it.
Yo momma so fat that she ate all six Infinity Stones and none of the Avengers could find them.
Yo momma so fat, that Mr. Magoo has her step on a scale every time he forgets his phone number.
Yo momma so ugly she's the reason Nick Fury only has one eye.
Yo momma such a slut she had a threeway with "The Tick" and "Swamp Thing".
Yo momma so ugly even Daredevil can see her coming a mile away.
Yo momma so crazy I asked her if she liked Star Wars and she told me she has a vibrating light saber under her bed!
Yo momma so paranoid she knows more about your girlfriend than you do.
Yo mama so crazy she tried to screw the ATM to get money.
Yo momma so crazy I saw her on a wanted poster at the post office.
Yo mama so paranoid she did a background check on all of your friends.
Yo mama so paranoid she double checks your doctor on WebMD during the appointment.
Yo momma so ignorant she thinks all black people can play basketball.
Yo mama so paranoid she checks your girlfriends for breast cancer.
Yo mamma so crazy she tried to put a Happy Meal on layaway.
Yo momma so crazy she makes coronavirus hoarders look normal.
Yo momma so crazy doctors readjust her meds on a daily basis.
Yo mama so crazy she created a gmail account just so she can eat the spam.
Yo mama is so crazy not even Google could translate her.
Yo mama so crazy she thinks first aid gives you HIV.
Yo momma so paranoid, she's the reason why I can't find hand sanitizer, clorox wipes, and toilet paper.
Yo mama so crazy she disses her kids with Yo mama Jokes.
Yo mama so crazy she eats soap to keep a clean mind.
Yo mama so crazy when I asked her why she likes to smell her own farts for. She replied "Because im addicted to crack."
Yo mama so crazy, whenever she goes running she takes the psycho-path.
Yo mama so crazy she thinks every cop, judge, lawyer or any other official in town wants to marry her
Yo momma so paranoid, she is a serial killer in disguise.
Yo momma is such a scaredy cat she walks down the hall with a BB gun in her hands.
Yo mama so crazy she went to the library to find Facebook.
Yo mama so crazy she thought TuPac Shakur was a Jewish holiday.
Yo mama so paranoid, when playing Monopoly, before passing go, she stops and looks both ways.
yo momma so crazy she put paper on the TV and called it paper view.
Yo mama so crazy, she put your iPad in the blender because she wanted to make apple juice!
Yo momma so crazy she walks around in a strait-jacket.
Yo momma so crazy, the movie "Fatal Attraction" is about her.
Yo momma so crazy she forced you to self-quarantine for 14 days after getting takeout from PF Changs.
Yo mamma so crazy she allowed the priest to give you a prostate exam.
Yo momma so crazy when she wanted to fight, she said "It's me, myself, & I against you. Its 3 of us & 1 of you".
Yo momma so crazy, people think she was mentored by Hannibal Lecter.
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she thought her only child was a twin.
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she has to sit sideways at the movie theater.
Yo mama' so cross-eyed, when she has sex she thinks its a threesome.
Yo mama' so cross-eyed, everytime she cries tears fall down her back
yo mama' so cross-eyed when she sees a bird, you don't know if it's up or down
yo mama so crossed eye she sees the future and the past at the same time!
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, when she dropped a dime, she thought she picked up two nickels.
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she can see the front and the back door at the same time
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, everytime she has sex she thinks she's having a lesbian threesome.
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, when I put my dick in her mouth she said "One at a time!"
Yo momma so cross eyed, her husband left her for seeing someone on the side
Yo mama's so cross-eyed, she can actually see the coronavirus multiplying.
Yo mama's so dark every time she gets in a car the check oil light comes on
Yo mama's so dark if she sat in a jacuzy the water turned into coffee
Yo mama's so dark she went to night school and got marked absent
Yo mama's so dark she bleeds smoke
Yo mama's so dark she drinks water and pees coffee.
Yo mama's so dark she went to night school and was marked absent.
Yo mama's so dark that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime
Yo mama's so dark I shot her and the bullets came back with flashlights saying "I can't find the bitch"
Yo mama so dark her blood type is burnt
Yo mama's so dark, she could show up naked to a funeral.
Yo mama's so dark, when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger.
Yo mama's so dark, she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
yo mama so dark when she eats chocolate cake she has to put white gloves on.
Yo mama's so dark, her ass looks like two tires.
Yo mama's so dark and large when she walked past the window we lost four days of sunlight.
Yo mama so dark she blend in with the chalkboard
Yo mama's so dark, she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars.
Yo mama's so dark, when she goes outside street lights turn on.
yo momma is so dark, when you wrap her in plastic she looks like soy sauce.
Yo mama's so dark, she got her tattoo done in chalk.
yo mama so dark she got a PHD in Hide-N-Seek
Yo momma so dark you cant see when shit comes out of her crack.
Yo momma so dark, her nickname is darker because nothing is darker than yo momma.
Yo momma so dark when she got out the car the oil light came on
yo momma so dark her nickname was and is midnight
yo momma so dark that if she sprinkled salt on her face she'd blend in with deep space!
Yo mama's so dark, if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
yo mama is so dark when she jumped into the pool the pool said sorry i don't drink coke
Yo momma is so dark Wesley Snipes, Don Cheadle, and Jessie Lawrence Fergueson fight to call her momma.
Yo mama's so dark, she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows.
Yo mama's so dark she looks like a satellite picture of North Korea at night.
Yo Mama so dark she walked into a restaraunt wearing a black shirt, The manager said no shoes, no shirt, no service.
Yo mama so dark, Batman uses her as a backup cape.
Yo mama's so dark, when she spits, ink comes out her mouth.
yo mama so dark when she layed on white sheets it looked like there was a hole in the bed.
Yo mama so dark she has to use coffee grounds as makeup
Yo mama and daddy so dark that your family pictures look like ultrasounds
Yo mama's so dark when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on leather pants
Yo mama is so fat and black when she goes swimming the coast guard thinks there's an oil spill.
Yo mama's so dark when the police shot at her the bullets came back for flashlights
Yo mama's so dark when you go swimming it looks like an oil spill.
Yo mama so dark she breastfeeds chocolate milk
Yo mama so dark, when she comes outside, I get free nights and weekends
Yo mama so dark, I clicked on her profile pic and thought my phone died.
Yo Momma so dark, she was born with bad credit.
Yo mama so dark her shadow was laid-off.
Yo mama so dark, when God said, "Let there be light!" He had to turn to her and say, "Ahem! I said let there be light....? That means you gotta leave."
yo momma is so dark when she broke her leg and got crutches they called her shit on a stick
Yo mama so dark when she lay in the street she look like a skid mark
yo mama so poor and dark when she comes home the roaches sing "We are family"
Yo momma so fat and black, she looks like a burnt marshmallow.
Yo momma is so dark that when she skydived at night and her parachute failed, nobody noticed.
Yo mama's so dark, when she went to night school she got marked absent!
Yo mama's so dark, if they put you in a bottle You'd be a Pepsi
Yo mama's so dark if she had a red light she'd be a beeper.
yo mama so dark when she jumped up it was night
Yo mama's so dark we use a flash light to see her at night
yo momma so dark that she got in the hot-tub and made coffee!
yo momma so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer!
Yo mama so dark at midnight she fell and nobody could find her until morning.
yo momma so dark. yo daddy decided to use her as charcoal for the fire
Yo mama is so dark they shredded her and put her in a crayola box with the whites and Mexicans
Yo Mama's so dark that her favorite dinosaur is a Tri-scared-a-cops
Yo mama is so dark she looks like a giant candy bar
Yo mama is so dark you could not even see her pussy
yo momma so dark that god said shit I burned one
YO Mama's so dark when she was born her parents said 'oh shit happened'
Yo Mama so dark she joined the SWAT Team and all they gave her was a gun.
Yo mama so dark she spits chocolate milk!
Yo mama so dark, they made a movie of her heart transplant called "From the darkest heart of Africa"
Yo mama so dark when the cops shot a bullet at her the bullet turned around and asked for a flashlight.
Yo mama so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo mama so dirty she makes mud look clean.
Yo mama so dirty that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation worries!
Yo mama so dirty that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins.
Yo Mama's so dirty, she's got more clap than an auditorium.
Yo mama so dirty she brings crabs to the beach.
Yo Mama's so dirty, she has more crabs then Red Lobster.
Yo Mama's so dirty, she made Right Guard turn left.
Yo Mama's so dirty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo Mama's so dirty, a skunk smelled her ass and passed out.
Yo mama so dirty and smells so bad, she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo Momma so dirty, she uses Dr. Scholl Odor Eaters for panty liners.
Yo mama is so dirty a drop of dawn and yo mom is gone
Yo mama so dirty, she is cleaner after a mud bath.
Yo mama is so dirty, her house became insect AND pesticide-free.
Yo mama so dirty I went to her house and got robbed by a rat, raped by a roach, and sat on a old piece of bread!
Yo Mama's so dirty, the roaches wrote her an eviction notice.
Yo momma so dirty she spent a Night at the Museum and archaeologists needed to unearth all the artifacts.
Yo mama so nasty her breath smells like donkey sex.
Yo mama so dirty she went to your school and the principal dropped out
yo mom so dirty the monster under the bed screamed
yo mama so dirty and smell so bad, when she walks in to a shop everything turns black.
Yo mommas so dirty she brings crabs to the beach
Yo mama so dirty the dirt on the ground look better than her
yo mamma is so dirty her radio plays only one song Chamillionaires "Ridin Dirty"
Yo mama so dirty I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
Yo mama so dirty when she took a deuce she got arrested for killing her toilet
Yo Mama so dirty she got fungi under her wrinkles.
Yo mama so dirty third world countries eat the cheese from the crack of her ass
Yo momma so dirty when she jumped into the ocean they accused BP of another oil spill.
Yo mama so dirty that even a car wash can't clean her
yo mama so dirty scrubbing bubbles cant clean her
Yo Mama so dirty her breath stinks worse than my shits.
Yo Mama so dirty mosquitoes throw up after biting her.
Yo mama so dirty she carries a hornet nest in her purse
Yo Mama So Dirty, Everytime She Talked, Her Breath Said, "Run N****!"
Yo Mama So Dirty, that when terrorists kidnapped her, the CIA was afraid ISIS acquired a biological weapon.
Yo mama's house is so dirty, Stanley Steamer could get her house cleaner
Yo mama so dirty when she walk down the street poor people offer her soap
Yo momma so diabetic and has so much gingivitis she drinks water and spits fruit punch.
Yo mama so dirty when she wash up her water look like chocolate
Yo Mama's so dirty, I asked her where the junk yard was and she said your looking at it
Yo mama is so dirty that people use her bath water as a chemical weapon!
Yo Mama So dirty She Make Right Guard Turn Left, Secret Tell It All, And Speed Stick Slow Down!
Yo mama so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo mama so dumb she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo mama so dumb she got hit by a cup and told the police she got mugged
Yo mama is so dumb not even Google could translate her.
Yo mama so dumb she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
yo mama so dumb she sprayed a tree with axe body spray and thought it would fall down
Yo Momma is so dumb she bought tickets to Xbox Live
Yo mama's so dumb she wore a coat to Dairy Queen because of all the blizzards.
Yo mamma so dumb that when she had to leave a voicemail she walked all the way to my house and screamed in my mailbox.
Yo mama so dumb she stood on a chair to raise her IQ.
Yo mama so dumb she thinks menopause is a button on a VCR
Yo mama so dumb she goes to Apple store to get a Big Mac meal
Yo mama is so dumb she thinks that Harlem shake is a drink
Yo momma so dumb, when the doctor told her she had the coronavirus she bought a new laptop.
Yo momma is so dumb she stuck a phone up her ass to make a booty call
Yo Mamma so dumb, she thought Spotify was a stain remover!
yo mama is so dumb. She went to the eye doctor to buy an iPad.
Yo Mamma so dumb, she thought the coronavirus happened after you drank to many Coronas.
Yo mama so dumb, first time she used a vibrator she broke her two front teeth.
yo mama so dumb, I said drinks are on the house and she went to get a ladder
Yo mama so dumb she disses her kids with Yo mama Jokes
Yo mama so dumb, when the smoke alarm turned off, she tried to turn it back on by starting a fire.
Yo mama SOOOOOO retarded she brought a bible to Church's Chicken.
yo mama so dumb that she put a battery in water to make an energy drink.
Yo mama so dumb, when the weather man said there will be a blizzard outside, she got a cup
Yo mama's so dumb she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening go Eminem.
Yo mama so dumb, she took her dog to Pet Smart to get an IQ Test.
Yo mama so dumb she sued Xbox One for guessing her IQ
Yo mama so dumb she went to the dentist to get her Bluetooth fixed.
yo mama so stupid she made a appointment with DIET Dr. Pepper to get thinner.
Yo Mama so dumb, she brought a ladder to go to HIGH SCHOOL!
Yo mama so dumb when I said ''That act is stealing the show.'', she called the police!
Yo mamas so dumb, she thinks gluteus maximus is a Roman emperor.
Yo mama so dumb she looked in the mirror and said what the f**k you lookin at!
Yo mamma is so dumb she gave birth to you on the I-75 because she heard thats where accidents happen
yo momma so dumb she thought dunkin donuts was a basketball team.
Yo Mama is so dumb, she thought a quarterback was an ATM.
Yo mama so dumb when the questionnaire asked sex? She put in M F and sometimes Wednesday.
yo momma so dumb I peed in the snow she pick it up and thought it was a snow cone
Yo momma so dumb, shes like a glowstick, people want to shake the hell out of her until the light turns on.
Yo mama so dumb and broke when I told her to get the Febreeze, she went out side and said "Where's the Free Breeze?"
Yo mama so dumb that I said check out this cool new website and she got a broom and said wheres the spider
Yo momma so dumb I told her christmas was around the corner and she went looking for it
Yo mama so dumb she went to the library to find Facebook
Yo momma so dumb, Willy Wonka couldn't sugar coat it.
Yo mama so dumb I asked her if she knew Pharell from the Neptunes and she said she only knows people from Earth
Yo momma so dumb she got fired from a blow job
Yo mama so dumb when the cop pulled her over and gave her a ticket she said "What movie are we going to see?"
Yo mama so dumb she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album.
Yo mama so dumb that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo mama so dumb when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Yo mama so dumb she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo mama so dumb she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo mama so dumb that under "Education" on her job application, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Yo mama so dumb she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
Yo mama so dumb she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo mama so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mama so dumb when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Yo mama so dumb she talks in a envelope to send the voicemail
Yo mama so dumb when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon
Yo mama so dumb she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read
Yo mama so dumb that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
Yo mama so dumb she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo mama's so dumb that she got her fingers stuck in a website!
yo mamas so dumb she went to the beach to surf the internet
Yo mama so dumb when she saw a drive thru sign in McDonalds, she dove straight thru the building.
yo momma so dumb she called me, then asked for my phone number.
yo mama so dumb she tried to put skittles in A-Z order
Yo mama so dumb, she put her iPad in the blender because she said that she wanted to make apple juice!
Yo mam so dumb, that when she got sick she went to the shoe store to find "Doc Martens".
Yo mama so dumb she thought the harlem shake was a drink.
Yo momma so fat and dumb, she tears apart computers looking for cookies.
Yo mama's so dumb, when she went for summer school and they asked her to count 1 to 40, she counted 1 2 40.
yo mama so dumb she made a blonde look smart.
Yo mom is so dumb she thought chicken strips was a strip club for chickens
yo mama so dumb, she brought her baby girl to a baby shower and left her.
Yo mama so dumb, she failed a survey.
Yo mama so dumb you have to dig for her IQ!
Yo momma so dumb she went to pet store to buy some bird seed, then asked the cashier how long does it take for the birds to grow!
Yo mama so dumb, after yo daddy hit her in the face , she turn the other cheek and waited for him to hit her again.
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo mama so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
Yo MaMa so Dumb, when a guy asks her to give him Head, she picks up a Hack Saw then says, "Ok, let me get one first".
Yo mama so dumb that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Yo mama so dumb, she thought THE EXORCIST was a workout video.
Yo mama so dumb she could trip over a cordless phone!
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yo mamma's so dumb the only letters in the alphabet she knows is K.F.C.
Yo mama so dumb she wouldn't buy a gameboy because she was a girl
Yo mama is so dumb she tried to download whatsapp on a public phone
yo mamas so dumb she put cat food down her pants to feed her pussy.
Yo mama so dumb she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Yo mama so dumb she thought a tsunami was a kind of Japanese sushi
Yo mama so dumb she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Yo momma so dumb her ancestors didn't even think about making fire.
Yo mama so dumb she took a cup to see Juice.
Yo mama is so dumb, that she went to a clippers game for a haircut.
Yo mama so dumb she put a cat in a pillow and yelled "It's a pillow pet!"
Yo mama so dumb that she sold the car for gas money.
yo mama so dumb she wouldn't let you shop at Forever 21 cause she thought you had to be 21 to go in the store.
Yo mama so dumb she asked you "What is the number for 911"
Yo mama so dumb she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so dumb, when she ran out of gas, she walked to the nearest Mexican Restaurant and ate all the Beans she could handle.
Yo mama so dumb when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."
Yo mama so dumb she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Yo mama so dumb she stole free bread.
Yo mama so dumb she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Yo mama so dumb I asked her what she does for a living and she said breathe
Yo mama so dumb she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
yo mama's so dumb... she died because she thought suicide was a career.
Yo mama so dumb she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo mama so dumb she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Yo mama so dumb she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Yo mama so dumb she thought TuPac Shakur was a jewish holiday
Yo mama so dumb she sent me a fax with a stamp on it
Yo mama so dumb she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order
Yo mama so dumb she tried to schedule a physical with Dr. Pepper
yo mama so dumb, if you knocked on her forehead, you could hear a echo.
Yo mama so dumb she thought Meow Mix was a record for cats
yo mama so dumb she thinks brownies are people with brown skin.
Yo mama so dumb, she filled her car with water so she can drive in the Car Pool lane.
yo mama so dumb when she studied pi in school, she brought a plate to class
Yo mama so dumb when I told her a Tsunami hit, she said "Why didn't you hit back?"
Yo mama so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone
Yo mama so dumb she threw cats out the window when you said "We need cat litter."
Yo momma so dumb, I told her I was dying of laughter and she took me to the hostpial.
Yo mama is so dumb that when the doctor asked her if she's sexualy active; she said no, I just lay there.
Yo mamma so dumb, she's living proof that humans can live without a brain.
Yo mama so dumb, that calling her stupid would be an insult to stupid people.
Yo momma so dumb, she told me everything she knows during a commercial break.
Yo mama so dumb, that if I need a brain transplant I'll take hers, because it's barely been used.
Yo mama so dumb if you stand close enough to her you can hear the ocean.
Yo mamma so dumb, if her brain was chocolate it wouldn't fill a M&M.
Yo mama so dumb, I would ask her how old she is, but I know she can't count that high.
Yo momma so dumb, the smartest thing to come out of her mouth was a penis.
Yo mama so dumb, the government banned her from homeschooling her kids.
yo mamma so dumb she thought starbucks was a bank.
Yo mama so dumb, she's the reason women only make 75 cents on the dollar.
Yo mom so dumb she thought a ring pop was lipstick.
Yo mama so dumb, after an earthquake she ran to the barn hoping to get a milkshake out of Betsy".
Yo mama so dumb, she went to PetSmart hoping they would teach her new dog old tricks.
Yo mama so dumb she spent 20 minutes looking at the orange juice box because it said "concentrate"
Yo mama so dumb she put lipsick on her forehead because she wanted to make up her mind
Yo mama so dumb, after searching for her wedding ring for three days, she realized she was divorced.
Yo mama so dumb, after jumping out of the plane she realized she was suppose to have a parachute on.
Yo mama so dumb, when playing Monopoly, before passing go, she stopped and looked both ways.
Yo Mama so dumb, she rented a Hot Air balloon so she can watch the men play Air Hockey
yo mama so dumb when I asked her if she wanted to go to Wendys she said "No, I don't know that bitch"
Yo mama so dumb, she tried to water the Rose Bowl Parade.
Yo mama so dumb she told me to meet her at the corner of "WALK" and "DON'T WALK"
Yo mama so dumb when she heard there was a serial killer on the loose she got captain crunch and put him in the closet and said I will protect you.
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death
Yo mama so dumb if you gave her a penny for intelligence, you'd get change back
Yo mama is so dumb she tried to hotwire a trolley
Yo mama so Dumb, when she was waitressing, the customer asked her for a Ruben Sandwich. Yo mama then went to Ruben and took his Sandwich.
yo mama so dumb when she saw a stop sign she never moved again.
Yo mama so dumb they had to burn the school down to get her out of third grade
Yo mama so dumb at the bottom of the application where it says "sign here"... she put "Sagittarius"
Yo mama so dumb she asked for a price check at the Dollar Store
yo mamma so dumb when she volunteered for a race, she forgot her shoes
Yo mama so dumb if she spoke her mind, she'd probably be speechless
Yo mama so dumb she studied for a blood test - and failed
Yo mama so dumb she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train
Yo mama so dumb It takes her 2 hours to watch "60 Minutes"
yo momma so dumb she put paper on the tv ad called it paper view
Yo mama so dumb when she heard that 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved
Yo mama so dumb when she took you to the airport and saw a sign that said "Airport Left" she turned around and went home
Yo mama so dumb she thinks Taco Bell is where you pay your phone bill
yo mamma so dumb she went to fill out her job application and it asked her for her sex she wrote "Not lately."
Yo mama so dumb she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo momma so dumb she jumped into the ocean and tried to get a sea section.
Yo mama so dumb she thought grape nuts was a venereal disease
Yo mama so dumb she couldn't see the forest cause "the trees were blocking it."
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in Furniture World and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so dumb she ordered a cheeseburger from McDonald's and said, "Hold the cheese".
Yo mama so dumb She went to Dr. Dre for a pap smear.
Yo mama so dumb she thought Hamburger Helper came with another person.
Yo mama so dumb, when she heard the middle of the road is where accidents happen, she went there and peed herself.
Yo mama so dumb she studied for a blood test and failed.
Yo mama so dumb she thinks socialism means partying.
Yo mama so dumb she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
yo mama so dumb she got hit by a punchline
Yo mama so dumb if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you'd get change.
Yo mama is so dumb that she thought she had an apointment with Dr. Pepper.
Yo mama so dumb she was on the corner giving out potato chips, yelling, "Free Lays!".
Yo mama so dumb she thought Tiger Woods was a forest in India
Yo mama so dumb when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said, "Cherry or Grape?"
Yo mama so dumb when the computer said "Press any key to continue", she couldn't find the "Any" key.
Yo mama so dumb she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so dumb she threw a bird off a cliff.
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a bathroom and pissed her pants.
Yo mama so dumb when you told her you had crabs she said I don't think those are good pets but okay!
Yo mama so dumb she took a doughtnut back caude it had a hole in it.
Yo mamas so dumb that she bought curtains for her computer just because it uses Windows
Yo mama so dumb she got hit by a parked car.
Yo mama so dumb when she shivers you can hear a rattling coming from her head
Yo mama so dumb that she went to the doctor because she couldn't see her ass
Yo mama so dumb, she cut holes in her umbrella to see if it was raining!
Yo mama so dumb she thought Cat Mix was a C-D
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car for some gas money.
Yo mama so dumb she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so dumb she stole free samples.
Yo momma so dumb she put dunbells in a basket and thought she was pushing weight
Yo momma so dumb when you told her you had crabs she said I don't think those are good pets but okay!
Yo Mama so dumb the teacher told her she got all B's she went to the store in got some honey.
Yo Mama so dumb she went outside to look at the stars, and thought it was pookey dots.
Yo Mama so dumb I told her, I was watching B.E.T she said put me down for five.
Yo Mama so dumb I asked her what time she was leaving, she started talking to her watch.
Yo Mama so dumb she went to hell an iron her clothes.
Yo mama so dumb I told her it was raining cats and dogs and she ran and got a net.
Yo Mama so dumb they told her to count 1-10, she gave them her 10 digit phone-number.
Yo mama is so dumb she thought the you was the tv and the tv was the you
Yo Mama so dumb they gave her some grease to fry her food, she greased her hair.
Yo mama so dumb, she tripped over a WIRELESS network!
Yo momma so dumb that she thought "TBS" meant to be seviced
Yo momma is so dumb when she saw a sign for drive thru, she drove through the Taco Bell.
Yo momma so dumb she puts a quarter in a parking meeter and waits for a gum ball to come out
Yo mama so dumb she steped into a Walgreens and thought the walls were actually suppose to be green
Yo mama's so dumb, when she was in the ROTC, the Sergeant told her to about-face and she said "What about my face?"
Yo mama so dumb, she sat on memory foam and it forgot.
yo mama is so dumb that when I asked her for water she said whats the ingredients
Yo mommma so dumb, she put 2 quarters in her ears and said she listenin to 50 cent.
Yo mama so dumb she thought if she hits someone with rice they will turn Chinese.
Yo Mama so dumb she fell off a boat and couldn't find the water!
Yo Mama so dumb she called me to ask for my phone number.
yo mama so dumb that when she saw a toy dog and she called animal control
Yo mama is so dumb that she got drunk for high school!
Yo mama is so dumb that she thinks Justin Bieber is a real beaver an Snoop Dogg is a real dog
yo mama so dumb even Albert Einstien couldn't tutor her
Yo Mama so dumb she thought pumpernickel was a refund
Yo momma so Dumb, .she failed Pre-K cause she couldn't scribble
Yo mamma so dumb, when she heard Rudolph was going down in History, she hired him a Tutor.
yo mama so dumb she thought a lightsaber had less calories
Yo mama so dumb, before eating breakfast, she put on a life jacket because she thought she was going to eat With Captain Crunch.
Yo mama so dumb that when she turned on the TV it was pitch black and she said " I like this show"
Yo mama is so dumb that she died in a flight simulator.
Yo mama so dumb, she stays up all night trying to catch some sleep
yo momma dumb she went to mcdonalds, got a hamburger, put a crown on it, and said burger king
Yo Mama so dumb they ask her when was she born she said in the beginning.
Yo Mama so dumb, the only reason your alive is because she thought absorbine jr was a contraceptive
Yo Mama So dumb she thought the internet was something you catch butterflies with
yo mama so dumb she went to Babies R Us and asked were the babies were
Yo momma so dumb when she went to heaven she asked why am I here
Yo mama so dumb when yo father said let's hit the Road she actually hit the road
yo mama so dumb she thought a civil war is a war against manners
Yo mamma is so dumb she goes to a White Castle, flushes the toilet and calls it a royal flush!
Yo mamma so dumb she brought nuts to the Nutcracker
Yo mama so dumb when she drank "Smart Water" she thought she was going to Harvard
Yo mamma so dumb, when she went to Hollywood, to meet the stars, she brought a Telescope with her".
yo mama is so dumb so she took her barbie dolls to get plastic surgery.
yo momma so dumb that her IQ is the same as your shoe size.
Yo mama so dumb she brought a fan to a sex party because she wanted to get blown.
yo mama so dumb she bought a Ford from the dealership and sat in it for two days because it said focus
Yo mama's so dumb she returned a puzzle because it was broken
Yo mama is so retarded, she uses an iPad as maxi pad.
Yo mamma is dumb she sprayed AXE on a tree.
Yo momas so dumb I said my computer mouse was broke so she took it to the vet.
Yo mama so dumb she thought jalapeno poppers were something used to blow up jalapenos
Yo momma so dumb when her friend said wanna play pool she said "yeah wait let me get my baithing suit on"
Yo Mama so dumb she used a fork for her toothbrush.
Yo momma so dumb they found her brain at a thrift store.
Yo mama so dumb, She went to New Dehli India thinking it was a grand opening of a meat shop.
Yo Mama so dumb, she put a hot wet towel on her mattress so she can have Wet Dreams.
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she looked up and said "I CAN'T SEE AUSTIN MOON!"
Yo mama so dumb that when I went to her house and said let me in........she opened the door and then pulled her pants down.
Yo mama so dumb she tripped over a cordless phone
Yo mama is so dumb she got awarded the nobel prize for stupidity.
Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo mama so fat she sat on an iPhone and turned it into an iPad
Yo mama so fat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof
Yo momma so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight
yo mama so fat that she dont need the internet she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her.
yo mama so fat that she gave draclua diabeties
Yo mama so fat shes on both sides of the family
Yo Mama's so fat, it took Thanos two snaps to kill her.
Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake
Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds and they had to call Wendys for backup.
Yo Momma so fat, I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!"
Yo Mama So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a dollar bill she squeezed a booger out of George Washingtons nose
Yo mama so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet
Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds tripped over Burger King and landed on Wendy's!
Yo mamma so fat she makes Lizzo look like Halle Berry.
Yo mama so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble".
Yo momma so fat that the National Weather Service named each of her farts.
Yo mama so fat when she was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease, the doctors gave her 10 years to live!
Yo mama so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up.
Yo mama so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she's in.
Yo mama so fat that when she took a selfie, Instagram crashed.
Yo momma so fat, she enjoys long romantic walks to the refrigerator.
Yo mamas so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number"
yo mama so greasy and fat she uses bacon as a bandaid
Yo mama so fat, she can devour a Big Mac in two bites.
yo mama so fat, her Apple Watch is and iPad Pro on a rope.
Yo mama so fat she ate a whole Pizza....Hut.
Yo mama so fat I use her as a queen size matress and she doesn't even know it
Yo momma so fat Burger King hired her because she eats cows and shits hamburgers.
Yo mama so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her
Yo Mama so fat, that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat, she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle."
Yo mama so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it.
Yo momma so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear.
Yo mama so fat she uses Google Earth to take a selfie.
yo Mama so fat her job with Hostess is why they went out of business
Yo mama so fat when she sat on my iPad she made a flat screen tv!
Yo mama so fat she just had a baby and said it was delicious
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Nutella.
Yo mama so fat that her only friend on Facebook is McDonald's.
Yo mama so fat she went to a restaurant and got the group discount
Yo mama so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died.
Yo momma so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache.
Yo mama so fat that when someone called her fat, she ate him
Yo mama is so fat the police use her as a road blocker.
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
Yo mama so fat she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo Mama so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is rising
yo momma is so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices
yo momma so fat she blocks the WiFi signal
Yo mama so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water
Yo mama so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures
Yo mama is so fat, it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side.
Yo momma so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave.
Yo momma so fat, she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant.
Yo mama so fat, she masterbates to the food channel
Yo mama so fat the government shut her down along with the rest of the national parks.
Yo mama so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat, she had a nice personality, but ate it.
yo mama is so fat when she bent over and showed her crack the grand canyon said "DAMMMMMMMMMMN"
yo mama so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies"
Yo mama so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins
Yo momma so fat, she curves space and time.
Yo mama so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard.
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo mama so fat then when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides
Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse.
Yo mama so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo momma so fat, she's always singing that Ariana Grande song "Thank you bacon eggs, Thank you bacon eggs"
YO Mama so FAT, she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
Yo mama so fat I told her to haul ass & she hadda make two trips.
Yo momma so fat, that a part of her is a citizen in every country.
yo mama so fat that I couldn't take a picture of her because I didn't bring my wide angle lenses.
Yo mama so fat when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Yo mama so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo mama so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo mama so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo mommas so fat, they had to put a choking hazard sign on the Oscar Meijer Wiener Truck.
Yo mama so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow!
Yo mama so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama's so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs!
Yo mama so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo mama so fat were in her right now
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo mama so fat she wears neck deodorant
Yo mama so fat she has pork rind incense burning in her house
yo momma is so fat her favorite basketball team is the Denver Nuggets
Yo mama so fat when she sits on the beach she makes sandpaper
Yo mama so fat she wears a sock on each toe
Yo mama so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito)
Yo mama so fat she got a bath from the cooking channel
Yo mama so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for then new world
Yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
Yo mama so fat she straps an iPad on her arm before every run
Yo mama so fat the army stole her underwear to use as parachutes
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo mama so fat in the summer, people use her belly button as a swimming pool.
Yo mama so fat her shits are as long as king kongs finger
Yo momma so fat, she almost turned gummy bears into an endangered species.
Yo mama so fat, if she was bricks she'd be a housing project.
Yo mama so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo mama so fat she puts insurance on her food
Yo mama so fat she can hear bacon cooking in Canada
Yo mama so fat, she did a belly flop and 2 weeks later they found water on Mars.
Yo mama so fat, if she was a dinosaur, her name would be Jell-Osaurus Rex.
Yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
yo mamma so fat for Halloween she put on a white sheet and came as Antarctica.
Yo mama so fat, NASA thought she caused a solar eclipse
Yo momma so fat I could travel halfway across the world and still see her shadow
Yo momma so fat her cereal bowl comes with a life guard.
Yo mama's so fat her patronus is a cake.
Yo momma so fat she has to wear her pants backwards, because her front butt is bigger
yo mama so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D
Yo momma so fat the national weather service gives a name to each one of her farts.
Yo mama's so fat she needs a steamroller to iron her clothes.
Yo momma so fat, they call her the "Great Shoe-dini" because she can turn high heels into flip flops.
yo mama so fat her favorite pirate is chips ahoy.
Yo mama so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
yo momma so fat she was born in space and from then on she was know as Pluto (until they discoverd she wasnt a planet!)
Yo momma is so fat she shits lard
Yo momma her porta potty is bigger than my house
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Yo mama so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn"
Yo momma so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said ouch.
Yo mama so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo mama so fat the only way she burns calories is when her food catches on fire
Yo mama so fat she entered the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them
Yo mama so fat she's the reason African kids are starving
yo mama so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please"
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mamma so fat even penguins are jealous of the way she waddles.
yo mama so fat when she drives a car people shout "hey its the fat and the furious!"
yo mama so fat when I stabbed her in the stomach the whole McDonalds value meal came out of her
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo mama is so big that there is a time difference between her two buttocks
Yo mama so fat she blew out both her tires on her roller skates
Yo Mama so lazy AND fat, she ate all the lunch meat, and didn't bother to pack yo lunch.
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island."
Yo mama so fat she dont skinny dip she chunky dunks
Yo momma so fat. Your father no longer finds her attractive and its destroying their marriage.
Yo mama so fat her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs!
Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo mama so fat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way
Yo momma's so fat, she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook
Yo mama is so fat that when she sits on the toilet it starts saying a,b,c,d,e,f,g,get your fat ass off of me
Yo mama so fat the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale
Yo momma so fat, Santa brings her along to finish the cookies and milk when he gets full.
Yo mama so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
yo mama so fat she stuffed a turkey with her fat.
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A., Chicago...
Yo momma so fat she downloads cheat codes for wii fit.
Yo mama so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo Mama so fat, she has a KFC bucket in her hands at all times
Yo mama so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
yo mama so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina.
Yo mama so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo mama so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose.
Yo mama so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar!
Yo mamas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out
Yo momma so fat, the only thing stopping her from going to work in the morning is the front door
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
Yo mama so fat airplanes get turbulence warnings when she farts.
Yo mama so fat when she bunge jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama so fat, when she bends over, helicopters think her butt's a landing pad
Yo momma so fat she masturbates to cook books
Yo momma so fat she went to Hollister and the manager told her to leave cause none of the clothes could fit her.
Yo mama so fat when she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator
Yo mama so fat when her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters
Yo momma so fat she thought the f on the dash board stand for food.
Yo mommas so fat she uses a whole stick of deodorant on half an armpit.
Yo mommas so fat when she died and went to heaven Jesus said there was no room so then she went to hell and the devil said HELL NO.
Yo mama so fat when she farted in the Gulf of Mexico it caused Hurricane Katrina
Yo mama so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!!
yo mama so fat when she went to heaven she didn't get a mansion she goat a 24 hour mcdonalds.
Yo mama so fat she goes to KFC and licks other peoples fingers
Yo mama so fat that her senior pictures had to be aerial views!
Yo mamma so fat even Kirby can't eat her.
Yo mama so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mamma so fat she has front, side, and back boobs
Yo mama so fat she doesn't have corn rows she has crop circles
Yo mama so fat, she's the reason buffets installed speed bumps
Yo mamma so fat a vampire bit her and got Type 2 diabetes.
Yo mama so fat if she had a porn name it would be Krispy Kreme.
Yo mama so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand!
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber
Yo mama so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights!
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo mama so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans!
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!"
Yo mama so fat she has to get out of the car to change the radio station
Yo mama so fat Japanese harpooners daydream of what she would look like, in a ham slicer.
Yo mama so fat when she get hurt we take her to the hospital in a pick up truck
yo mamma so fat it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her
Yo mama so fat she eats noodles with a forklift.
Yo mama so hungry when she goes to the petting zoo she brings barbecue sauce.
Yo mama so fat she sweats more than a dog in a chinese resturaunt.
Yo mama so fat her shadow weighs 35 pounds
Yo mama so fat she's like my ex-girlfriend... I can't get within 100 yards of her
Yo Mama so fat up on Uranus their saying X marks the spot
Yo mama so fat but I screwed her anyway
Yo mama so fat she grinded her roller skates flat
Yo mama so fat, shes the reason London Bridge is falling down.
yo mamma so fat I took a picture of her on christmas and it still printing
Yo mama so fat she uses a stick of butter for chapstick.
Yo mama so fat that she woke up on all four sides of the bed!
Yo Mama's so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving!
Yo mama so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please
Yo mama so fat that when she was born the doctors had to give her a pregnancy test!
Yo mama so fat when she masterbates it looks like a 3-way
Yo mama so fat when she wears light blue people yell "Tsunami".
Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY!
Yo mama so fat the police man said lady please move that exercising ball.
Yo mama so fat she shops at the Gap and now its the Filled
Yo mama so fat the back of her head looks like hot dogs
Yo mama so fat shes like the ocean....Big...Wide...and filed with Cubans!
Yo mama so fat she has soft elbows
Yo mama so fat instead of an STD she gave me cholestorol
Yo momma so fat she made Jabba the Hut go dayyyyummmm.
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck!
Yo mama so fat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Yo mama so fat she's like an SUV "Big Black and room for 6 construction workers inside"
Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby
Yo momma so fat she gotta eating disorder. She eat dis order, & that order, & everybody else's order too
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
yo mom is so fat all i hear when she walks by is heffty heffty heffty
Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo Mama So Fat......That everyone is extremely concerned for her health and hopes she gets better.
Yo mama so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping
Yo Momma's so huge, she looked at the Empire State Building, and said, "Hey look! A Barbie Dream House!"
Yo mama so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo mama so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo mama so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama so fat she influences the tides.
Yo mamma so fat, she doesnt need a passport, cause she's already there.
Yo mama so fat she uses Mount Everest as a dildo
yo mama so fat, when she made a club penguin account, SHE TIPPED THE ICE-BERG!!!
Yo mama so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat she hasn't seen her waistline since 85
yo mama so fat that her new years resolution was to see her feet.
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonaisse on her diet pills
Yo mamas sooooo fat she didnt need to take a flight she was already in China.
Yo mama so fat that when she crossed the street every body thaught that she was a roundabout
Yo mama so fat, she step on a lego and broke it!
Yo mama so fat when she walked out in August in her yellow sun dress and the kids said mommy its time for school.
Yo mama so fat, her favorite word is Gravy cuz she puts that shit on everything.
Yo mama so fat when she wears Nike's they say Nickeloden
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people yell "Taxi!!"
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonasise on asprin
Yo mama so fat she went to buy hamsters and brought home hippos.
Yo mama so fat she shops for her clothes in the maternity section!
yo mamma so fat when she got in a plane she was like the Japanese Kamikaze, up up up crash.
Yo mama so fat she bathes with Shamu at Sea World
Yo mamma is so fat she was talking on her telephone and it got lost in her ear.
Yo mama so fat she has to pull her pants down to get into her pockets
Yo mama so fat she went cow tipping and got pushed over
Yo mama so fat, that in the summer, she sells her own shade.
Yo mama so fat, her fingers are too fat for the iPad.
Yo momma so fat, Costco had to start charging her for samples.
Yo mama so fat, she used jumper cables for suspenders
Yo mama so fat, her address is McDonalds
Yo Mama so fat that it takes 40 men and 4 cranes to get her in Skinny Jeans
Yo mamma so fat and dumb, she thinks she's in shape, because circle is a shape.
Yo mama so fat, she had a twin, but she ate her.
Yo mama so fat she went bungee jumping and broke the bridge
Yo mama so fat the only time she lifts weights is when she gets out of bed
Yo mama so fat shes on the seafood diet, she sees food and she eats it
Yo mama so fat it took her four weeks to die from lethal injection
Yo mama so fat her nipples touch on her back
Yo mama so fat she's a middleweight prostitute
Yo mama so fat she pulls her pants down and her ass is still in them.
Yo mama so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped off a bridge she baptised the whole world.
Yo mama so fat not even Jesus could lift her spirits
Yo mama so fat she needs a lattitude and longitude number to find her own asshole
Yo mama so fat they had to put her back pockets in front
Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon
yo momma so fat she has enough rolls to feed china.
Yo Momma so fat, You can print out a picture of her and use it as a paperweight.
Yo mama so fat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring
Yo mama so fat she has shocks on her toilet
Yo mama so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo mama is so fat when she lays on the bed she falls from all sides.
Yo mama is so fat, a hyperbole coulden't exagerate her weight
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping the bears hide their food
Yo mama is so fat, your daddy had to hire an engineer to reinforce their bed
Yo mama so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her
Yo mama so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo mama so fat that when she died even god couldn't lift her spirit.
Yo mama so fat when she climbed the full moon it cracked in half
Yo mama so fat she stepped on the scale and it said my phone number.
Yo Mama's so fat she uses a Snickers for a toothbrush.
yo mama is so fat the police stoped her and told her to stop selling crack
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to KFC she says, "can i get the bucket on the roof?"
Yo mama so fat she walked in front of the tv and i missed the hole titanic movie
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a dollar and got cents
Yo Mama so fat after Hostess went bankrupt all she does is chase school buses
Yo mama so fat when she gets a cut she bleeds milkshake
Yo Mama so fat she became the eighth wonder of the world.
Yo mama so fat she puts on a black bathing suit, gets in the ocean, and everyone screams "Oil Spill."
Yo Mama is so fat, when she got on the scale her phone number showed up!
Yo mama so fat, trains stop to let her pass.
Yo momma's so fat, her Lee's jean size is bigger than the Lee population of Asia.
Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody!
Yo Mama So Fat She Use A Flat Bed Truck As A Bed
Yo mama so fat that every buffet in the world has her picture on the window with a Big X on it.
Yo mama so fat she started flashing people and got arrested for trafficking.
Yo mama so fat, elephants ride her on a safari.
Yo mommas so fat, she put Little Debbie through college.
Yo mama so fat sperm whales could swim in her pussy.
Yo mama so fat she needs a heavy license to walk.
Yo mama so fat the only way she'll lose weight is if she loses a leg to diabetes
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks "Real women have curves and diabetes"
Yo mamma so fat that when she got arrested for selling 10 pounds of crack, the police called in a garbage truck to haul her ass in.
Yo mama so fat the only liquor she knows is liquorice
Yo mamas so fat she has more rolls than a bakery!
Yo mama so fat she dont like the grand canyon cause it gives her claustrophobia.
Yo momma so fat when she went to the zoo she got put in with hippos
Yo mama is so fat, her nearest toilet is EVERYWHERE!
Yo mama's so fat,when she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!".
Yo mama so fat she jumped into the ocean and made the whales sing "we are family, even though you are fatter than me."
Yo mama so fat she went in a bed store, and ask for a waterbed, the owner put a blanket over the Pacific Ocean
Yo mama so fat, she thought that she was having a stomach ache when she was really going into labor
Yo mama so fat, she was sued for eating people, so she ate the prosecutor
Yo mama so fat, she uses mayonnaise for toothpaste, and Coca-Cola for mouthwash
Yo Mama's so fat, she makes Jonah Hill look superbad at gaining weight!
Yo mama so fat, she got arrested for selling crack
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born her mother said to her husband DAMN I should have just gave you head
Yo mama so fat, her picture heavy
yo mamas so fat that when you poke her with a fork she bleeds chocolate milk
yo mama so fat she has to eat with a fork lift driver
Yo mama so fat she gotta do the matix just to get of her car
Yo mama so fat she cant take pictures, she have to take billboards!
Yo mama so fat she uses a flat bed truck as a bed.
yo mama so fat her ass needed 5 zipcodes
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the toilet it sang abcdefg get your fat butt off of me.
Yo mama so fat she look like a obese teddy graham that should be haven a million bras two in the front of her neck,two in the back of her neck, ten on her back, eleven on her stomach, six on each arm and leg and theigh, and one wrapped around each toe,and a tripple d cup size bra to hold up her virgina!
Yo mum so fat that I walked around her twice and got lost!
Yo mama so fat she jumped off the Grand Canyon and got stuck
Yo mama's so fat that her part time job is being a tug boat!
Yo mama so fat that when God sent her to heaven she fell down to hell.
Yo momma so fat that her senior picture had to be taken from space.
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean a tsunami wiped out half of Japan.
Yo mama so fat she can play pool with the planets.
Yo mamas so fat that she donates her fat rolls to the bakery.
Yo mama is so fat that when she saw a yellow bus she said "there goes my twinkie"
Yo mama so fat when shewent to the zoo she got put in with the hippos.
yo mama so fat she play hopscotch like this Washington, Texas, Florida, Mexico.
Yo momma so fat that she has a gravitational pull
yo mama so fat when she got shot in the leg the doctors couldn't find the bullet
Yo Momma so fat, a Blind Dude pointed at her and said "That Bitch is FAT"
Yo mama is so fat that her car is made out of spandex.
Yo mama so fat that u have to take 2 airplanes and bus to get on her good side.
Yo mama so fat her stretch marks got stretch marks.
Yo mamma so ridiculous she is ridiculously fat.
Yo mama so fat she wears the eqautor for a belt just to hold up her pants.
Yo mama so fat that her nickname is Fatty McButterpants.
Yo momma so fat, she uses Jupiter as a basketball
yo mama is so fat she thought the first 3 letters of the alphabet was KFC
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the childern come running to the bus stop.
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in.
Yo mama is so fat that the government could use her jelly-rolls to stop world hunger.
Yo mama so fat she fell off the bed and went straight to hell
Yo mama so fat that even god couldn't raise her spirit
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in the grand canyon
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed three episodes.
Yo mama so fat that her feet need license plates.
Yo Mama so fat she wears a vcr as a beeper
Yo mama so fat she had to take a specially made taxi the size of the united states.
Yo mama so fat when she hop she goes from Europe to asia to africa to anartica
Yo mama is so fat she brought a spoon to the Superbowl.
Yo mama so fat she got her own area code
Yo mama's so fat, she has to fly cargo class.
yo mama so fat, she went to disneyland and was offered a group discount.
Yo momma so fat,her car has stretch marks.
Yo momma so fat, they used Google Earth for her school photo.
Yo mama so fat when she was watching the food network & turned over she missed 2 episodes.
Yo momma so fat she broke up Pangea!
yo momma so fat, she has to get pulled by a trailer to get home
Yo mama so fat she fills up tha bathtub then she turns on the water.
Yo mama so fat that when she farts, the richter scale says 9.0!
Yo mama so fat the shadow of her butt weighs fifty pounds.
Yo mama so fat she sat in the middle of the road and got mistakened for a roundabout.
Yo mama so fat NASA uses her farts for rocket fuel
Yo momma so fat she has double wide swinging restuarant doors in her house.
Yo mama is so fat she wore a pink and yellow spotted dress and a girl thought she was Mr blobby
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!!
Yo mama so fat she is in love with the great wall of china
Yo mama so fat her BFF is Betty Crocker.
Yo mama so fat her strech marks spell out "big bitch"
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!!
Yo mama so fat when she walk up a street pepole thought the sun was coming.
Yo momma so fat her favorite children's book is "Three Little Pigs in a Blanket"
yo mama so fat that that when she was walking home she tripped over Wal-mart and landed on Target.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on the toilet she said ooh this ain't comfortable. Because she was sitting on a broken chair!
Yo mama so fat, I wasted all my gas driving around her!!
Yo momma so fat when she walks across the isle at the theatre everybody misses the movie
Yo mama so fat she made the movie "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mama so fat that her belt size is the equator.
Yo momma so fat, she got stuck in an armless chair.
Yo mama is so fat to keep her cold at night she doesnt use a fan she uses a helicopter
Yo mama is so fat that her car is made out of spandex.
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Rocky Road
Yo momma is so fat a truck hit her and she asked who pelt that stone!
Yo mama's so fat she could stand on the sidewalk and still get hit by a car.
Yo momma so fat she has a shape of a pepsi not the bottle THE CAN!
Yo mama so fat when she said beam me up scotty he said "I cant your to heavy."
Yo mama so fat her butt cheecks look two pigs fiting over a milk dud
Yo mama is so fat that when your school bus passed by she ran after it trying to catch that twinkie
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a bus and was like "who be thowin rocks at me"...
Yo mama so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said to be continued
Yo mama so fat every time she walked in JCPennys they said its all inside
Yo Mama is so fat that when she travelled to a different country they said "Oh look there's an American".
Yo mama is so fat she hopped over walmart, tripped over kmart, rolled over sears and landed on target.
Yo mama so fat the bath tub sits in her!
Yo momma so fat that her thighs have license plates.
Yo mama so fat that when she farted she started global warming
yo mammas so fat when she went to "In 'n' Out" she couldn't get in or out
Yo Mamma's So Fat, When God Said Let There Bel Light, He Asked Her To Move Out Of The Way.
Yo mama so fat, she wears "Hammer Pants" as skinny jeans
Yo mama so fat everytime she TRIES to masterbate she can only find her belly button
Yo momma so fat that Cristopher Colombus claimed her for the new world.
Yo momma so fat, the rent money was stuck in her belly button for a month and ya'll got evicted cuz she could'nt find it
Yo momma so fat, she lost a face cloth and a bar of soap in the crack of her ass trying to take a shower
Yo mama so fat that if you tried to kick her butt you might never get your foot back
Yo mama so fat she use a county issued trash can for a girdle.
Yo mama so fat if she go skydiving up in the Northeast there'd be 6 Great lakes.
Yo Mama is so fat her high school photo was a double page spread.
Yo mama so fat that when she leaned on the "Empire State Building", it tipped
Yo mama so fat, she rolls up the stairs!
Yo mama so fat she put a blanket over the ocean and called it a water bed
Yo momma so fat dat she left out da house wit heels on and came home wit flats on.
yo mama is so fat when she got in her car she says "Dam kids, they popped my tires"
Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scale Buzzlightear popped out and said to infinity and beyond
Yo mama so fat she went to da zoo and da elephants was jealous
yo mommas so fat that when she walks around the house she walks "around" the house
Yo mama so fat when shes in her car and she sticks out her hand, the car will turn!
yo mama so fat that when she walked pass the t.v. you missed a marathon
yo mama so fat that when she laughs she farts
yo mama so fat her strechmarks got strechmarks!
yo mama's so fat that when she wore a red shirt, people said hey look koolaid!
Yo mom is so fat that she walked into a tattoo parlor and the worker said "Wooaahh! We don't paint murals!"
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v.you missed three episodes.
Yo Mama is so Fat.. when she tried to take a bath the water jumped out and said "Nah brah, I'll wait."
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in!
Yo mama so fat that when she goes out to eat she looks at the menu and says okay
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the children come running to the bus stop.
Yo mama so fat when she gave birth to you it took them 7 days to find you !
Yo mama so fat she jump into the sea and the sea jump out
Yo momma so fat the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie in the street.
Yo mama, so fat 500 people cant pick her up, not even a fork lift
Yo momma, so fat that everytime she takes a step the Earth's orbit changes
Yo mommas so fat when she goes to the beach people ask her is she wearing bottoms!
Yo Momma So Fat They Used Her For The New Years Ball Drop
Yo Momma So Fat she has stretch marks on her toenails
Yo momma so fat when she fell off the roof people thought it was santa claus!
Yo momma so big, she went to the airport and asked for a ticket. And they gave her clearance to take off!
Yo momma is so fat she needs a GPS to find her ass hole
yo mama so fat her belly button gets home 15 mins before she does
Yo mama so fat she ate herself alive
Yo Mama so fat she hoola-hooped the Superbowl
Yo momma's so fat, Borden's called her and asked for their cottage cheese back.
Yo mama so fat she was laying on the side of the beach and a kid walked by and said "WOAH BEACHED WHALE"
yo mama so fat when I kicked her in the stomach porkchops came out of her ass
yo mama is so fat, when she walks on the road her butts clap
Yo Mama is so fat when she came up missing they couldnt fit her face on the milk carton so they branded it on the side of the cow.
Yo mama's so fat she broke her own branch on the family tree.
Yo Mama is so fat, she created a black hole because she has attained infinite mass.
yo mama's so fat that when I thought I heard music from her cellphone in her pocket she instead pulled out and ice cream truck.
Yo momma so fat her double chin is bigger then your ass
yo mama is so big dora can't explore her
yo mama so fat you can stand on top of her and Hi-5 jesus.
yo mama so fat her blood is doughnut jelly
yo mama so fat she play hop scotch like pennsylvania, new york, maine, massachussets
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking her when her baby is due
yo mama's so fat she jumped in the swiming pool and said "Where did all the water go"
yo mama so fat when she got on the bus the bus driver asked how'd she got on the bus
Yo mam so fat, when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuum
yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from Jenny Craig is the door!
Yo momma so fat she has her own orbit
yo mamma so fat she sneeze bacon grease
Yo mama so fat she sat on the bus seat an the bus tilted over
yo mama so fat when she had surgery it took hours for the doctors to get to the flesh
Yo mama so fat, when sumo wrestlers landed on her, they flew off into space.
yo mamas so fat that she rolls up her matress to use it as a tampon!
Yo mama so fat, she cant float, even in space!
yo momma so fat every time she rolls out of bed she finds six naked men attached to her ass.
Yo mama's so fat that two guys could be having sex with her at once and they still would never meet.
yo mama so fat when she fell down I tried not to laugh, but the ground was cracking up.
Yo momma so fat she sweat bacon bits
yo mama's so fat scientists thought Jupiter was her brother.
Yo momma so fat when she jumped into the alantic ocean she brought back titanic
Yo momma so fat her kidney stones are the size of boulders.
yo mama so fat, when she goes on vacation, everyone gotta put sun block on
Yo mama so chubby when she went out to the strip club, they called her momma shake weight
Yo mama's so fat that when God said "Let there be light." he had to ask her to move out of the way first.
yo mama's so fat, even her myspace has no space.
Yo momma is so fat the only thing stoping her on the way to mcdonalds is the door
Yo momma so fat, even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction
Yo mama so fat she broke the 256 block limit on Minecraft.
yo momma so fat when she swam in the mediterranean sea and even Italy couldn't kick her out.
Yo momma is so fat during pregnancy she went to the hospital in a tow truck.
Yo Mama So Fat She Was Wearing An All Blue Shirt And Hawaiians Said, "Oh Shit Tsunami."
Yo Mamas so fat she has three pockets on the back of her jeans.
Yo mamma so fat when she traveled to outer space people thought she was the moon
Yo mamma so fat when I tickeled her, she didnt feel it!
Yo Mama so fat she uses the highway as a slip and slide
Yo momma so fat she said she would get me a snack walked in front of the tv and I missed the superbowl
Yo mama so fat and poor that when her kids said "i want trampoline for Christmas" she said you dont need one! You've got me! BOUNCE BOUNCE!
Yo mama so fat when she turned around she knocked Mars out of orbit
Yo mama so fat the police used her as a road block!
Yo mama so fat her nose and her butt are in different time zones.
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away"
yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped out an airplane her fat rolls made their own parachute.
Yo mama is so fat when she was in Call of Duty she got killed and the person that killed her got a five person kill streak.
Yo Momma so fat she makes fat people look skinny
Yo momma so fat that she thinks the ocean is like jumping in a puddle
Yo mama so fat that when we die we can't go to heaven or hell because it's all full
yo mama is so fat instead of swimming with the dolphins she goes out to the ocean and and swims with the whales
yo mommas so fat when she sat down she caused an eathquake on the OTHER side of the WORLD!
yo mama so fat that her back rolls cried justin timberlake a river.
yo momma so fat that when she entered the fat racing contest she came in first second and third
yo mama is so fat she has her own energy source
yo mama so fat that when she was wearing a hollister shirt, a helicopter landed on the H
yo mama so fat that when she hears the doorbell she runs to the microwave singing 'HOT POCKETS'!!!
yo mama so fat she couldn't have sex with king kong
yo mama so fat that when its time to take the subway no one else can come on!
Yo mommas so fat when she sat in the tub it sang bubble bubble abc get your big a$$ out of me.
yo mamma so fat when shes mad she turns into a tomato
Yo mama so fat, when's she walk down the street, she creates potholes.
yo mama is so fat when she went to the movies, everyone asked "Can this screen be any bigger?
yo mama is so fat when she was in outer space she had more gravitational pull than all the planets combined.....
YO momma so fat that the goverment thought that she was RUSSIA.
Yo mama so fat they needed a bulldozer to bury her, may she Rest In Peace.
yo momma so fat when she pulls her panties down to her knees she still has pu**y in them.
Yo momma so fat she asked Jenny Craig how many Weight Watchers points Self-Esteem was worth
yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean it became the Pacific desert
Yo mama's so fat when she sat on a tree it made paper.
Yo mama is so fat that when she had fish and chips she used her belly button as a salt cellar.
Yo mama so fat, wine companies stand in line waiting for her to shit so they can buy it and harvest their Vineyards.
Yo mama so fat the equator is smaller then her waist line.
yo momma so fat every time she goes grocery shopping workers yell "Deliverys here"
yo momma is so fat......She has bacon-bits in her blood
Yo mama so fat that when she went to Walmart she couldn't get in OR out!
Yo Mama is so fat, they had to transport her to Paris in a cargo ship.
Yo Mama is so fat she uses a king size mattress for a maxi pad.
Yo momma so fat, that one side of her lives in a parallel universe.
yo mamma's so fat when she wading in the atlantic ocean, people could get to New York from London without having to pay
yo mama so fat she has the weight loss commercial for a ringtone
Yo mama so fat when she farts they have to put it on the weather channel!
Yo Mama so fat when she went swimming Japanese whalers on the other side of the ocean harpooned her
yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and they used her as a replica of the war of 1812
Yo mama so fat when she gets out of the shower, her legs are still dry!!
Yo mama is so fat, NASA qualified her as a planet
Yo mama so fat that when I pictured her in my head, she broke my neck!
Yo mama so fat when she sits on an active volcano she makes a whole beach
yo mama is fat that when she sits on a semi they say "Ok now give me the over size load sign."
Yo mama so fat, she went to take her blood test and the machine said "Life at STEAK".
Yo mama so fat, She ate popcorn out of the whole theater!
Yo mama so fat that when she passes by the tv, Jesse Pinkman was in and out of rehab 4 times.
yo mama so fat half of her ass was in a parallel universe
Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her.
yo mama so fat and old she sat on a toy airplane and invented the jet
Yo mama is so fat she tried out for the Indiana Jones movie and got the part as the rolling boulder
Yo mama is so fat, that when she dies, they will need to make a whole new cemetary!
Yo mama so fat her farts started global warming and if she died it would be over.
Yo mama so fat she made a ditch the grand canyon
yo mama is so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg.
Yo mamma's so fat when people are looking for a moonbounce they call her!
Yo mama so fat she got an ocean side house and said her pool was to small.
Yo mama is so fat her middle name is steak.
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking when the triplets are due
Yo mama is so fat she went to space and never floated.
Yo mama is so fat that I had a dream about her and I woke up with a broken neck.
Yo mama so fat she went to the elephant exhibit at the zoo and had a family reunion.
Yo mama is so fat when she walks into a manwhore house all she gets is a cheese sandwich.
Yo mamma so fat when she sat on the bible Jesus came begging her to set his people free
Yo Mama so fat her idea of eating pork is eating the entire pig.
Yo mama is so fat that she makes a whale look like a tic-tac
Yo mammas so fat, she went to Syria and farted.... and Barack Obama almost bombed the country for having weapons of mass destruction.
Yo momma so fat that a car can park on her back.
Yo momma so fat, they got to use garden tools to give her a pap smear.
Yo momma so fat Nasa though they found a second moon
Yo momma so fat, it takes 4 rolls of toilet paper and a Bed sheet to wipe her ass!
Yo mama so fat, she used to have a six-pack, but she drank it
Yo momma so fat she got her ears pierced with a harpoon while she was swimming.
Yo momma so fat, she got steering wheel burns on her belly from driving to work everyday..
Yo mama is so fat that when I had sex with her and rolled over 3 times I was still on that b**ch.
Yo momma so fat she hopped in a monster truck and made it a low rider
Yo momma so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her.
yo mamma was so fat when she left the beach, the people all shouted the coast is cleared
yo mama so fat she can name every Restaurant because there all in her stomach.
Yo mamma's ass is so fat when she sits down she's three feet taller
yo mamma so fat I thought she worked at KFC, but in fact she was their best customer.
Yo mama so heavy, that when she goes on an elevator, it turns into Hellevator.
yo momma so large, she doesn't need a data plan, she's already world wide.
yo momma so fat at McDonalds she looked at the menu and said okay
Yo mama so fat when she said "I'm jonesen for a milky way, she meant the entire galaxy"
yo mama so fat you need a g.p.s to walk around her
Yo mama so fat that she inspired Al Gore to invent the World Wide Web.
Yo mama so fat she has to call 911 anytime she wants to leave the house.
yo mama's so fat when she sat on the side walk she got a parking ticket!
yo mammas so fat when she sat on the floor she went to the basement
Yo Mama So Fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up.....
yo mama so fat she eats a prize pig for breakfast and a family of whales for a light snack
Yo mama is fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole.
yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty.
yo momma is so fat when she got into her mini van construction workers had to tape over size load on the back
Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone layer
yo mama so fat her shirt size is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXL
Yo momma so fat she walked in the aquariam and the tour guide said "How did this whale get out?"
yo mama so fat and thats that.
yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt.
yo mama so fat that when she put a sparkley dress, she almost brought back disco.
Yo mama so fat for halloween she wore a black plastic bag and when i asked her what she was going as she said night.
Yo mama so fat, SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES!
Yo mamma so fat, when she's thirsty she puts a straw in the ocean.
Yo mamas so fat she doesn't need two others to make a crowd.
Yo mama so fat she makes "Free Willy" look like a goldfish.
Yo mama so fat when they took pictures of Earth it looked like Earth had a pimple.
Yo mama so fat that when she got up from her desk she had to bring it home with her.
Yo mama so fat and large only the sun is jealous of her.
yo mama so fat, she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn".
Yo mommas so fat after she gave birth it took the doctors a year to find you.
Yo Mama so fat and her teeth are so yellow the only cat calls she gets are "Hey Taxi"
Yo mama so fat and old that her falling caused Pangaea to break apart.
Yo momma so fat she has to wait for it to rain before she can take a shower.
Yo momma so fat she farted in the ocean and caused El Nino.
Yo momma so fat people at the carnival said "How many tickets to ride that blimp?"
Yo mom is so large when she gets on a elevator it always goes to the ground floor.
Yo mama so fat evel knievel called and wanted to jump her ....(with his motorcycle)
Yo Mamas SO Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her
Yo mama soo fat she ate the rest of my joke
Yo Mamas so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling.
Yo mummy is so fat, when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself!
yo mama so fat that when i moved from china to England, she was still my neighbor.
Yo mama so fat that when she sails, she sails underwater.
yo mama so fat when she went to the gynecologist and told them she was pregnant, they didn't think she could get any bigger.
yo mama so fat when she goes up a flight of stairs she leaves dents in them
yo mama so fat and blonde that when the sun retired she was eligible to take its place.
Yo Mama so fat, when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in!
Yo momma so fat her engagement ring was one of Saturn's
Yo mama so fat, fast food stock prices go up and down based on her eating habits.
Yo mamma so fat, when she does the hokey pokey her left leg goes outside of earth
Yo mama so fat she fell down and rocked her self asleep trying to get up
yo mama so fat her ass got mistaken for Uranus
Yo mama so fat that when she wore her wedding dress people thought it was snowing
Yo mama's so fat, when she's going on an airplane, she her ass has to pay for baggage fees.
yo mamma so fat that when she stand on one end of the Earth the other end lift up
Yo momma is so big that she needs two washing machines to clean her panties.
Yo momma so fat, her village got 1000 cattle as a dowry, when they gave her to cannibals.
Yo mama so fat she doesnt have to be famous to be nation wide.
Yo mamma so fat the elephant at the zoo thought they were related.
Yo moma so fat, they call her belly the low rider.
Yo mamma so fat, scientists proved that the moon orbits her.
yo mama so fat when i asked to have sex it took her years to take off her clothes
Yo mama so fat, when she went to Japan in a green bikini, everyone screamed,"GODZILLA!!"
Yo mama so fat she went to the store and tryed to go down one isle and took up two!
Yo mama so fat, when she bent down, the Grand Canyon got jealous
Yo mama is so fat the when she worked at hooters they bribed her in hot wings to not wear the tank top
yo mama so fat every time she turns around they give her a welcome back party.
Yo momma so fat if she lived on Pluto, scientists would call it a planet again.
Yo mamas so fat, she was Miley Cyrus's wrecking ball.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on my 3DS she turned it into a 2DS.
Yo momma so fat, when she sat on a scooter she turned it into a bike.
Yo mama so fat and poor the national weather service had to call her and tell her to stop stomping out her roaches cause she's causing earthquakes
Yo mama so fat, when she sits on a hockey puck, it becomes a flat tire!
Yo mamma so fat, she uses the local car wash to take a shower.
Yo Mama So Fat She Don't Need A Plane Ticket Because She's All Ready World Wide.
Yo momma so fat when she sat on Home Depot it became Home Deposit.
Yo mama so fricken fat if she could bend over she could disprove the laws of physics
Yo mamma is so fat when she gets hit by a bus she yelled "Who throw that Twinkie at me?"
Yo Momma so fat i was by the ocean in the morning and by the time she passed me I missed the sunset.
Yo mama so fat, she fell and hit the Earth, it caused the Ice Age.
Yo mama so fat an 18 wheeler could fit in her ass crack.
yo mama so fat she sat on a bear and turned it into rug
Yo mama so fat the FDA took her to a grocery store to look for organic food items.
yo mama so fat that when she went to a store with XXXXXXXXXXL shirts, they said ,"to get cloths for you, get a time machine and kill a wooly mammoth.
Yo mama so fat, she jumped into the Pacific Ocean and Tsunami sirens sounded in Southeast Asia.
Yo mamma's so fat, her plumbers crack is more like a plumbers ravine.
Yo momma so fat, she uses the entire country of Mexico as a tanning bed.
Yo mama so fat she ordered leg of lamb as an appetizer.
Yo mamma so fat the abandoned ship said "Land ho."
Yo mama so fat, when she farted, homeland security thought it was a dirty bomb.
Yo momma's so fat, she sued the State of Florida because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale.
Yo mama so fat, she eats soup with the Big Dipper.
Yo mama like the baconater. Big, greasy, and meaty.
Yo momma so FREAKING fat she uses motorcycles as rollerblade's
Yo mum so fat, a picture of her weighs more than I do.
Yo mama so fat she has Sara Lee on speed dial.
Yo mama so fat, she has to take selfies in parts
Yo mama so fat she went to her favorite restaurant by herself and asked for a table for two.
Yo momma so fat, when she was in space, scientists thought her neck was pluto.
Yo mama so fat I asked her what her favorite animal was, and she said the ones I can eat.
Yo Momma's so fat.
yo mama so fat she's a Whale of a good time
Yo mama so fat I asked her about the M.O.B. tattoo on her arm
Yo mama so flat she's jealous of the wall!
Yo mama so flat she's jealous of a book!
Yo mama so flat she's jealous of a piece of paper!
yo momma is like a brick flat on both sides and gets laid by Mexicans
Yo mama is like a carpenter's dream "flat as a board and easy to nail."
Yo mama's so flat, people ask if she's from the second dimension.
Yo mama's so flat, high school teens use her as a gymnastics mat.
Yo mama so flat, she gets jealous when your dad turns a door knob.
yo mama booty so flat it look like sheetrock
Yo momma is so flat that we can fax her!
Yo mama so flat the great plains got jealous
Yo mama is so flat that if you folded her, she could be a paper airplane
yo momma so flat she is jealous of my computer screen
Yo mama so flat, I wiped my feet on what I thought was a rug then she said,"Get your crappy shoes off me! Your grounded!"
Yo mama so flat she called the doctor and asked if she had a sex change and forgot.
yo mama booty so flat they order her pancakes for breakfast.
Yo mamma so flat you can see her heartbeat while you read her sarcastic t-shirt.
Yo mama so flat and old she holds the distinction of being the first person to be called a "flatmate".
Yo mama so flat and so gassy her nickname is flatulence.
Yo momma so flat that flattery makes her angry.
yo mama so flat, white and tall, when she fell people used her as a sidewalk!
Yo mama so flat that a joke about yo momma is called a flatliner.
Yo mama so flat she got jealous of a pancake.
Yo mamma so flat she can't sideways when taking a selfie.
Yo momma so flat, for Halloween, she was a Listerine Breath Strip.
Yo mama so flat, she refuses to iron her wrinkled shirts.
Yo mama so flat her areolas look like coasters.
Yo momma so flat I couldn't find her in the family picture because she was standing sideways.
Yo mama's so ghetto, she puts her food stamps in a money clip.
Yo mama's so ghetto, she brings fried chicken to the movie theater
Yo mama's so ghetto, her baby daddy and her boyfriend share a bunk-bed.
Yo mama's so ghetto, she pretends her pager is a cellphone
yo mamma so ghetto that when you asked her for a glass of milk she said pick a titty
Yo mama's so ghetto, she does drive by shootings on the bus
Yo mama's so ghetto, she was born in a bucket at KFC.
Yo mama's so ghetto, the only gold she wears is on her teeth.
Yo mama's so ghetto, she washes paper plates.
Yo Mama's so ghetto, she's got 40oz. tits.
Yo mama's so ghetto, she came to McDonald with a gallon and filled it up with sweet tea
Yo mama's so ghetto, her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a food stamp in it.
Yo mama's so ghetto, her idea of a fortune cookie is an Oreo with a food stamp in the middle.
Yo momma so ghetto she makes a homeless person look like a millionaire!
Yo momma so ghetto, she wheelies on a ten speed.
Yo momma so ghetto, she makes Kool-Aid without adding sugar.
Yo mama so ghetto dat every thing she eats is in cans
Yo mama so ghetto her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
Yo mama so ghetto her phone bill is nothing but 911 calls
yo mama so ghetto when you ask her for milk she says pick a boob!
Yo mama so ghetto she uses expired foodstamps as tampons.
Yo mama so ghetto she rated R for Ratchet
Yo mama so ghetto she uses candy wrappers as wall paper
Yo mama so ghetto that she even eats the core of the apple.
Yo mama so ghetto that she still plays with baby toys
Yo mama so ghetto that all ya movies and cd's are bootleg
Yo mama so ghetto she goes to coinstar to cash in her change in order to eat something from the McDonald's dollar menu.
Yo mama so ghetto her engagement ring is from the pawn shop
Yo mama so ghetto when the doctor takes her blood only weed and kool-aid come out
Yo momma so ghetto she rips off the cover from the phone book and uses it as a dust pan
Yo momma so ghetto all her wigs are bright a** colors
Yo mama so ghetto her ps3 controller is made of cardboard and rubber bands
Yo mama so ghetto when she runs out of lotion she uses crisco instead
Yo mama so ghetto she breatfeeds kool-aid, shits chicken bones, and pisses grape soda
Yo momma so ghetto she sells her food stamps to get her nails done
Yo mama so ghetto she brings ziplock bags in her purse to a buffet.
Yo mama so ghetto that she saves child support for a new pair of Jordans
Yo mama so ghetto the bitch breastfed you with gin and juice
yo mama so ghetto she uses kool aid packs as hair dye
Yo mama so ghetto she makes spaghetti with ramen noodles and ketchup packets
Yo mama so ghetto she got her wedding dress at Wal-Mart
Yo mama so ghetto she wears red, neon green, purple, and yellow in the same damn outfit
Yo mama so ghetto her bestfriend has the same baby daddy and they joke about it
Yo mama so ghetto she steals toilet paper from public restrooms
Yo mama so ghetto when she does grocery shopping she hide packets of kool-aid under the box of ramen noodles.
yo mama so ghetto when I went over her house and asked what's for dinner she opened her legs and said fish sticks
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving at her.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, when she turns them around she can see yesterday.
Yo momma glasses are so thick, she can burn ants with them.
Yo mamas glasses so thick she can see past the horizon line of a black hole
Yo momma glasses are so thick, a blind person could see with them.
Yo mama so blind she couldn't even see god as her lord
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she can read all 7 Harry Potter books at the same time.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can watch old movies in technicolor.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she knows exactly whats inside Taco Bell Beef.
Yo Mama's glasses are so thick light travels slower than a turtle in a race.
Yo Mama's glasses are so thick, she can see the coronavirus.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she has to clean them with a window washer!
Yo mama glasses so thick she can see into another dimension
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you when your going to get a pimple a week in advance.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can see a rainbow on a sunny day.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you what your son looks like before he's born.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick, she can learn five different languages all at once.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can tell you how gay the Twilight books are, before ever turning a page.
Yo mama's glasses are so thick she can solve mysteries faster than Velma on Scooby Doo.
Yo mama so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!
Yo mama so greasy she sweats Crisco!
Yo mama so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her
Yo mama so greasy when she slid into second she ended up in Detroit
Yo mama so greasy I buttered my popcorn with her leg hairs.
Yo mama so greasy her freckles slipped off.
yo mama so grasey you had to use bacon for her bandaids
Yo mama so greasy, she uses pam as hairspray
Yo momma so greasy she squeezes Crisco from her hair to bake cookies.
Yo mommas so thick and greasy, not even a carpenter could nail her.
Yo mama so greasy that I touched her and my hand was covered in bacon grease.
Yo momma so greasy she's labeled as an ingredient in Crisco.
Yo mama so greasy, I used her as an example to explain the drag coefficient of objects moving through a vacuum (9.8 m/s^2)
Yo mama is so greasey that she single-handedly increased oil production and lowered gas prices.
Yo mama so greasy if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, she uses a rake to comb it.
Yo mama's hair is nappier than a goats ass.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, when she combs her hair her teeth bleed.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, even Moses couldn't part it.
yo mama's hair is so nappy she needs pain killers to comb her hair.
yo mama hairline so jacked up that it got called for a back court violation.
Yo momma hair so nappy, i use that shit to scrub my pans .
yo mama hair so nappy that whe she went to the jamacians they said oh hell no get out of my shop mon
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, her comb had to get dentures.
Yo momma hair is so nappy people have to cut her hair with a weed wacker
yo mama hair so nappy the barber pulled out a chainsaw.
Yo momma hair is so nappy ...even her eye brows are nappy
Yo mama's hair is so nappy, it looks like an aerial view of the million man march. Look! There goes Farrakhan!
Yo mama's hair so nappy when she combing, it sound like she's biting an apple
Yo mama's hair so short she roll her hair up with rice
Yo mama so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
Yo mama so hairy she look like she got Buckwheat, Bob Marley and Don King in a headlock.
yo momma so hairy that when the fly flew into her bush,the fly sang, "In The Jungle The Mighty Jungle The Lion's Sleep Tonight, In The Jungle The Mighty Jungle I Want 2 See It Tonight."
Yo mama so hairy Bigfoot is taking her picture!
Yo Mamma is so hairy, it looks like she has all the male members of Duck Dynasty in a headlock.
Yo mama so hairy, when she yawns, she sounds like Chewbacca.
Yo mommas chest so hairy her titties look like coconuts.
Yo momma so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo mama so hairy, she's a stunt double for Chewbacca and her baby daughter played the leader of the Ewoks (no makeup needed).
Yo mama so hairy,
Yo mama so hairy,
Yo mama so hairy,
Yo mama so hairy,
Yo mama so hairy, she has afros on her nipples
Yo mama so hairy when she moans she sounds like Chewbacca
Yo mamas ass is so hairy whenever she moons people they turn into werewolves
Yo Mama's so hairy, she went to a hair salon and told the stylist to cut her hair, then she opened up her blouse!
Yo mama's so hairy that people can't tell if it's day or night
yo mama so ugly and hairy the zoo offered to buy her kids
Yo mamma so Harry that animal control thought she was a werewolf.
Yo Mama is so hairy, Bear Grylls can't find his way out of there!
Yo momma so hairy chewbacca popped out of her butt and said its a jungle down there
Yo mama so hairy, when she tried eating a banana someone called animal control and they put her in a zoo
Yo mama so fat and hairy when she met godzilla she tought she was looking in the mirror
Yo mama so hairy, that you need a lawn mower for her back
Yo mamas so hairy that when she opened her legs she said welcome to Bush gardens.
Yo mama so hairy, she can stay at Hotel Transylvania.
Yo MaMa such and Animal, during a full moon, with her Chin up in the Air, she howls at the full moon. "
Yo mama so hairy that when she walked across the farm the farmer said "OH NO I GOT A WILD GOAT"
Yo mama so fat and hairy Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear.
Yo mama so hairy, she got offered the role of Chewbacca without even auditioning!
Yo mamma so furry cats take pictures of her!!
yo momma so hairy if she shaved GreenPeace would accuse her of deforestation.
Yo momma so hairy she has to use tongs to pluck her eyebrows
Yo mama has a fanny like an axe-wound in a gorilla's back.
Yo mama so hairy that they put her on National Geographic.
yo mama so hairy she had a threeway with bigfoot and donkey kong
yo mama is so hairy when I opened up her leg a Axl Rose popped out singing "Welcome to the Jungle"
Yo mama's titties are so hairy she needs lumberjacks to shave them
Yo Mamas so hairy, even her STD's gets lost"!
Yo mama so hairy, that when your baby brother was born he died of rug burns
Yo mama so hairy that when her husband took her to a restaurant, the waitress told her "sorry no animals allowed"
Yo mama so hairy, she opened her legs and said lets go to "Busch Gardens"
Yo mama so hairy her butt hairs get clogged in the toilet when she flushes
Yo mama so hairy that she shaves her pubes with a LAWNMOWER!
yo mommas ass is so hairy donkey kong popped out and shouted "Only In America"
Yo mama so hairy she is a failed experiment in mutation.
yo momma so fat and hairy the only language she know is wooky
Yo mama so hairy and ugly when big foot saw her he thought she was his true love.
Yo mama aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!
Yo mamma is so hairy when she puts on a yellow dress she looks like big bird
Yo Mama so hairy when you're baby brother was born he died of rug burn.
yo mama so hairy that she when she ran track everybody sang "Who Let The Dogs Out"
Yo mamas so hairy that when she goes to the zoo, little kids say, "Mommy look, a new exhibit"
Yo mama's butt is hairy it made my head look bald
Yo mama is so hairy and ugly the Ninja Turtles called her Master Splinter.
Yo mama so hairy she has to wax her ass crack with Velcro.
Yo momma so hairy, Bigfoot went into hiding after yo momma wouldn't marry him.
yo momma so hairy she has side burns on her boobs
yo momma is so hairy she makes a gorilla look shaved
Yo mamma so hairy when she went to a zoo she was placed behind bars and was classified as an endangered species.
yo mama so hairy she got an afro on her ass and tits
yo mama is so hairy bigfoot saw her and fell in love!
Yo mama's armpits are so hairy it looks like she's got two wookies in a head lock
yo momma so hairy she got cornrows on her feet.
Yo momma so hairy the only language she speaks is wookie.
Yo mama is so hip, if she's not listening to Lana Del Ray or Marina & The Diamonds you've probably never heard of them.
Yo momma so hip she knows multiple ways to tie a scarf.
Yo momma so hip that early adopters look to her for what to buy next.
Yo mama is so hip, she has a degree in music, art, and fashion.
Yo mama so hip she plays instruments nobody has even heard of.
Yo mama is so hip, she drinks Pabst Blue Ribbon, grows all her food, and everything she owns is from a thrift store.
Yo momma is so hip, people think she's from the Brooklyn suburb of Williamsburg.
Yo momma is so hip, she knows about obscure bands even before they are on Pitchfork.
Yo mama so hip, that even her dog wears a scarf.
Yo mama so cool, she rollin and they hatin.
Yo mama is so hip, she is either wearing a 5 inch heel or Converse sneakers.
Yo mama so hip, all she does is namedrop obscure bands that you've never heard of.
Yo momma so hip, she founded Ello because Tumblr became too Mainstream.
Yo momma so hip, she thinks skinny jeans and flannel is business casual.
Yo mama so hip none of her favorite songs are available on iTunes.
Yo mama so hip she only buys organic cucumbers in brine because pickles are too mainstream.
Yo momma so hip, she doesn't need money because she's an urban forager.
Yo momma so hip she wraps presents in plaid wrapping paper.
Yo momma so hip, she's a contributor at music blogs like "Gorilla Vs. Bear" and "Stereogum".
Yo mama so hip that every piece of clothing she has is from a thrift store.
Yo mama so hip, she had a Tumblr, Blogspot, Wordpress, Ello, and Pinterest account before you did.
Yo mama is so hip, she's known for her strong sense of irony and sarcasm.
Yo mama is so hip, she's a sommelier at a wine bar.
Yo momma is so hip, her TikTok has more followers than Charli D'Amelio.
Yo mama so cool, she has scooter luggage just in case the airport doesn't allow hoverboards.
Yo mama so hip, shes a vegetarian that grows all her food in a garden.
Yo mama is so hip, she has more plaid shirts than yo daddy.
Yo mama so hip, she only buys fair trade coffee from an indie coffee shop.
Yo mama so hip, that the only time yo daddy gets laid is if he sits through a foreign film or goes to a gallery opening.
Yo Mama so hot she's banned from National parks because she's the leading cause of wildfires.
Yo mama so hot she doesn't know what it's like to pay for anything.
Yo mama so hot, she should sell hotdogs, because she already knows how to make a weiner stand.
Yo mama so hot, she doesn't need any sugar in her coffee cause she's got a pretty sweet ass.
Yo mama so sexy, she needs an inhaler, cause she's got that ass ma!
Yo momma so hot all the neighborhood boys bought her yoga pants for Christmas.
Yo momma so gorgeous, if she was a washing machine, I would put my dirty load inside her.
Yo mama so hot, her bone structure is giving my "bone" structure.
Yo mama such a hot blonde, her eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal!
Yo mama so finger lickin good, she put KFC out of business.
Yo momma so hot, she's like a dictionary and I want her to blow my mind.
Yo mama so hot, if she was spaghetti I would want her to meat my balls.
Yo mama so hot she can fart in my mouth and I would hold it like a bong hit.
Yo mama so hot, Levi's should pay her ass a royalty.
Yo Mama is so hot she gave everyone in One Direction, one erection
Yo momma so hot she Makes Curves Great Again.
Yo mama so hot everyone thinks her instagram is photoshopped.
Yo momma is a tall glass of water. And im telling youuuu str8 up im thirsty.
Yo mama so hot, yo daddy became an astronaut because she wanted someone "out of this world".
Yo mama so fine, when god made her the other angels got jealous.
Yo mama so hot she made the sun melt!
Yo momma so hot everyone wants to know the name of her plastic surgeon.
Yo mama so pretty you didn't read this joke.
yo mama so hot when yo daddy called the fireman, they couldnt put her out.
Yo momma so hot she's the reason all your friends are eskimo brothers.
Yo mama is so hot, everytime we meet I need a cold shower.
Yo mama must be a parking ticket because she got fine written all over her.
Yo mama so hot her address is the middle of the equator.
Yo mama so hot I get a suntan just by looking at her.
Yo mama is so hot, she made Beyonce jealous and now everyone knows she is Becky with the good hair.
Yo momma is so hot it's impossible for her to make an ugly face.
Yo mama so hot, the fire department sprays her with a hose during bath time.
Yo mama so hot that she would make a nuclear reactor melt down.
Yo momma so hot she makes the devil sweat.
Yo mama so hot every time she walks pass a guy they end up with heartburn.
Yo mama so hot she doesn't need to pass gas discretely.
Yo mama so hot her abs belong on the cover of ESPN's Body Issue.
Yo mamma so fine all your friends ask her for a glass of MILF.
Yo mama so sweet she's giving me a toothache.
Yo mama so hot she made Jesse Katsopolis say "Have Mercy!"
Yo momma so hot she makes the rocket in my pants blast off!
Yo mama is so hot, I had to wear sunglasses just to look at her.
Yo momma so hot, she was the original "Hot Mom Check" on TikTok.
Yo mama's so hot when she uploaded a nude pic of herself, she literally broke the internet.
Yo mama so hot I can't even look at her because she burns my eyes.
Yo mama so hot, yo daddy must need oven mitts.
Yo momma so hot, the entire basketball team wants to double team her.
Yo mama is so hot, yo daddy got third degree burns when they tried to smash.
Yo mamas last name must be pepper cause she's SMOKIN!
Yo mama so hot, even the pastor said she's "Some of the lords best work".
Yo mama so fine, a painting of her sleeping is in the Louvre, and its called "Beauty In Repose".
Yo momma so hot, that your daddy must be the luckiest man alive.
Yo mama so hot, that guys need sunglasses just to check her out.
Yo mama's house is so small, when she drops a Kleenex she has wall to wall carpet.
Yo mama's house is so small, she ain't got room to change her mind.
Yo mama's house is so small, when you go in the front door you trip over the back gate.
Yo mama's house is so small, I put my key in the lock and broke the back window.
Yo mama's house is so small, I put my key in the lock and stabbed everyone inside.
Yo momma house is so small, her welcome mat only says "Well!"
Yo momma house is so small, I threw a rock through the window and hit everyone inside.
Yo momma's house so small when she put the key in the front door she stabbed 5 people in the hallway.
Yo mama's house is so small, when she let me in, I was in the back yard.
Yo mama is so short she wakes up in a lego house singing "Everything is Awesome".
Yo mama's house is so small, she eats her meals off a dime
Yo mama's house is so small that when I first saw it I thought it was a dollhouse.
Yo mama's house is so small, the front and back doors are the same door.
Yo momma house is so small that when you walk in you already came out
yo mama's house so small that when she was eating in the kitchen her elbows were in the living room
Yo momma house so small, she order a large pizza and had to eat it outside.
Yo Mama's house is so small, she wakes up on a Lego bed singing "Everything is Awesome".
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she hits her head on speed bumps.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes.
Yo Mama so hunchbacked she keeps money in her ankle pocket.
Yo momma so hunchbacked, she can stand on her feet and her head at the same time.
Yo momma so hunchbacked, her husband left her because she couldn't be straight up with him
Yo Mama so hunchbacked, while thinking she scratches her forehead with her toes.
Yo Mama so hunchbacked she can clean under the chair while sitting on it.
Yo Mama so hunchbacked she cant wake up she always wakes down.
Yo Mama so hunchbacked when she takes a dump the shits go past her face.
Yo mama so hunchbacked her driver's license photo is a picture of the back of her head to the top of her butt.
Yo momma is so hunchedbacked she makes the Hunchback on Notre Dame look normal.
yo mama is so hunched-back,she has to wear goggles when she takes a piss
Yo mama so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Yo mama so lazy she's got a remote control just to operate her remote!
Yo mama so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
Yo momma so lazy, she stuck her nose out the window and let the wind blow it.
Yo momma so lazy, she has a stay-at-home job and STILL can't get to work on time.
Yo momma so lazy she makes Garfield look like Lebron James
yo mama so lazy that she arrived late at her own funeral
Yo mama so fat and lazy, she ate all the lunch meat and didn't bother to pack you a lunch.
Yo mama so lazy she stole your identity just so she could spend more time with you.
Yo mama so lazy her constant quandry is "should I sit down and do nothing or should I lie down and do nothing"
Yo mama so lazy the only two letters of the alphabet she knows is NO.
Yo mama so lazy she doesn't like walking all the way to the bathroom and it is only two feet away.
Yo mama so lazy that she doesn't have the time to argue.
Yo Mama so lazy she woke up from a coma and went to sleep.
Yo mama so lazy she has sweatpants for every day of the week.
Yo mama so lazy if your house was on fire she would rather stay there and burn to death than go all the way to a door or window where she can escape.
Yo momma so lazy if she was a kangaroo she would be a pouch potato.
Yo mama so lazy her to do list is one word long "nothing"
Yo momma so fat and lazy the only pull-ups she does is in the Drive-Thru.
Yo mama so lazy she doesn't have a dining table, because she always eats in bed.
Yo mamma so lazy she lets serious shit slide......down her leg and into her slippers.
Yo momma so lazy the only thing she gets excited about is cancelled plans.
Yo mama so lazy she undercooks ramen noodles.
Yo mama so lazy her patronus is a sloth.
Yo mama so lazy she won the Netflix marathon.
Yo Mama So Fat when she stepped on the scale, it read pi without a decimal.
Yo mama is such a slut that around her electrons have a positive charge.
Yo mama so fat, the only math symbol she knows, is PI.
Yo mama's so silly, she thought the quadratic formula was (-b +/- sq(b^2 - 4ac)) / 2aM
Yo mama is like a protractor.....good at every angle.
Yo momma is so square, she's got imaginary numbers on her social security card.
Yo momma conforms to Planck's law. The greater the frequency with which she screws, the more energetic she gets.
Yo mama's muscle to fat ratio can only be explained in irration complex numbers.
Yo mama is so fat that she can theoritically eat as much as she wants and can't get any fatter or she would create a spinning vortex and engulf herself.
Yo mama is so fat that she overloads her own free functions.
yo mama so fat... her dress size includes an exponent.
Yo mama is so fat that the coefficient of friction between her and her surroundings is greater than static, rolling, or kinetic friction.
Yo mama is such a ho even the noble gases are attracted to her.
Yo mama is such a slut, she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could "f" her first.
Yo mama is so stupid, when I asked her how to get to engeering from bridge using jeffory tube, she said:" Jeffory tube145a, Jeffory tube178a, Jeffory tube110d, Jeffory tube169b." infact it should be jeffory tube145b, jeffory tube187a, jeffory tube111d,..
Yo mama is so fat that you can't hear her abdominal aorta aneurysm with a duplex dopler.
Yo mama is so ugly, that Pythagorean wouldn't touch her with a 3-4-5 triangle!!!
Yo mama is so dumb that she tried to minimize a 12 variable function to a minimal sum of products expression using a karnaugh map instead of the Quine-McCluskey Algorithm.
Yo mama is so fat, the recursive function computing her fatness causes a stack overflow.
Yo mama is so stupid, her exchange particle is a "moron"
Yo mama is dumb that she can't even solve a second-order non-homogeneous differential equation!
Yo mama's mass is so huge, that considering 2Mm/r^2 is not even worth considering.
Yo Mamas so fat that on a calculator I typed in 0.00000000000000000000 and it said that's yo mamas chance of losing weight
Yo mama is so dense she refracts light
Yo mama has a gravitational pull equal to that of the Sun.
Yo mama is so large that, in theory, she can see the universe dying around her.
Yo mama is like a Mandlebrot set; She contains an infinite number of Julia sets.
Yo mama is so stupid, you told her Pi * r^2 and she said no, they're round.
Yo mama is like a converging lens; wider in the middle than on either of the ends.
Yo mama is so massive that the gravitational lensing effect is so great around her that a light beam passing within 1 AU has a radius of curvature of 6E9 meters!
Yo mama is so obtuse, they taught about her in geometry.
yo mama's so old she used to babysit Pythagoras.
Yo mamas glasses so thick she can see past the horizon line of a black hole
Yo mama's mass to volume ratio is such that she is able to float in a area of pure nitrogendioxide.
Yo mama so mean the only letters of the alphabet she knows is PMS.
Yo mamma so mean, your bath toys were an iron and a toaster.
Yo mama so mean they don't give her happy meals at McDonalds.
Yo momma so fat and mean, she ate Mr. Grouper and made the Bubble Guppies cry.
Yo mama so mean I added her name in a text and it auto corrected to bitch.
Yo mamma so mean she drinks a bottle of your tears.
Yo mama so mean that Taylor Swift wrote a song about her.
Yo momma so mean she takes more steroids than A-Rod, just to give you a proper whopping.
Yo mama so fat and mean that her only friend on Facebook is McDonald's.
Yo mama so mean she told your friends at school you had lice, when you wouldn't rub her hairy feet.
Yo mamma so mean even Simon Cowell is afraid to say anything bad about her.
Yo mama so mean that when she wears green people think she's the Incredible Hulk.
Yo momma so mean that Ramsey Bolton is her son.
Yo mama so mean that she makes Regina from "Mean Girls" look like a sweetheart.
Yo MaMa such a bitch she makes Nancy Grace look like Mary Poppins.
yo mama so old and mean, she is the original Angry Bird.
yo momma so mean she tells yo mommma jokes to orphans.
Yo mama so mean, even Lord Voldemort wouldn't dare mention her name.
yo mama so mean she makes the wicked witch of the west look like Glinda the Good Witch!
Yo mama so mean, even Pennywise, the dancing clown from IT would run away!!
Yo momma so mean she can't use the internet because of cyber bullying laws.
Yo mamma so mean, she scare the shit out of the litter box.
Yo mama so fat and mean the only nice thing she ever had to say was "I love chicken".
Yo mamas such a bitch the devil wouldn't let her go to hell and Jesus made her live forever.
Yo Mama so mean the only place she visited was the principle Office.
Yo momma so mean she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares!
Yo mama so mean that the only letters of the alphabet she knows are FU
Yo mama so mean I was looking up the definition for "bitch" and found her name
Yo mama so mean, that Regina from "Mean Girls" is her sister.
Yo mamas such a bitch that Gordon Ramsey didn't even like her.
Yo Ma Ma such an Inconsiderate, Self Centered, irresponsible slut, while living in Salinas, after her fiance left her at the alter, she walked out on her kids and moved back in with her ex-boyfriend out in Santa Rosa.
Yo mamas such a bitch that she tells you shes teaching you a life lesson, but the real lesson is stay away from yo momma.
Yo mama so fat the sorting hat put her in all four houses.
Yo momma so dirty she spent a Night at the Museum and archaeologists needed to unearth all the artifacts.
Yo momma so fat she volunteered for the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them.
Yo mama so stupid and easy she had sex with Kevin Hart and now she believes she can "Think Like A Man Too"
Yo mama so dumb after watching "Gone Girl", she was glad it had a happy ending.
Yo mama so awkward and clumsy she makes Napoleon Dynamite look like James Bond.
Yo mama so dumb she turned down the part of Helen Keller because she couldn't remember the lines.
Yo momma is so old that she knew "The Rock" when he was just a pebble.
Yo mama so ugly that Voldemort won't even say her name.
Yo mama so short, she was rejected by the munchkins AND the Oompa-Loompas!
Yo mama so fat and ugly the only letters in the alphabet she knows is D.U.F.F.
Yo mama so hairy, she's a stunt double for Chewbacca and her baby daughter played the leader of the Ewoks (no makeup needed).
Yo momma so ugly she has the breath of an Orc, the face of a dwarf, and the feet of a hobbit.
Yo mama is so fat she tried out for the Indiana Jones movie and got the part as the rolling boulder
yo mama so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies"
Yo mamma so fat she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
Yo mama's so old, Jurassic Park brought back memories.
Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse.
Yo mama so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo mama so stupid I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
yo momma so ugly we thought the Grinch was coming early.
Yo mama's so smelly, she woke up Sleeping Beauty.
Yo mama so short even Peter Pan and the lost boys calls her a midget.
Yo mama so fat and nasty her shits are as long as king kongs finger
yo mama is so fat even the death star cant blow her up
Yo mama is so fat when people see her they think they are making Big Momma's House 3
Yo mama so ugly she give Freddie Kruger nightmares.
Yo mama so ugly when Darth Vader looked at her birth certificate he said: "Bitch, I am NOT your father!"
yo momma teeth so dirty when she went to reach for her tooth brush and it did the matrix and said "you not picking me"
Yo mama's so fat her patronus is a cake.
Yo mama is so stupid she thought Katniss Everdeen was a type of catfood.
Yo mama is so short, she wakes up in a lego house singing "Everything is Awesome".
yo mama so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D
Yo mama's so old, she used to baby-sit Yoda.
Yo Mama so old on her birth certificate it says 10,000 BC.
Yo momma so large she was in the movie fat n 'furious.
Yo mommas so fat, Jabba the Hut beat her on the biggest loser.
Yo momma so fat, she stood up in the movie theater and people said "I didn't know King Kong was in 3D".
Yo momma so fat she made Jabba the Hut god dayyyyummmm.
Yo mama so nasty she looks like an ogre and smells like puss in boots
Yo momma so hairy when she went to see the new Star Wars film, someone said "Look, someone dressed up as Chewbacca."
Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon
yo mama so old that she used to change yodas diapers
Yo mama so hungry when she went to the theater to see "We Bought A Zoo", she brings barbecue sauce.
Yo mama so stupid when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Yo mama's so fat,when she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!".
Yo mama so fat and old, she broke Technicolor, which is why the first movies were in black n white.
Yo Mama's so fat, she makes Jonah Hill look superbad at gaining weight!
yo mama so dumb when the cop pulled her over and gave her a ticket she said "What movie are we going to see?"
Yo mama so ugly, even Jabba The Hut said "DAMN!"
Yo momma's so ugly even Shrek said, "Get outta ma swamp!"
Yo Mama so Ugly, she's the reason The Ninja Turtles hide in the sewers!
Yo mama so fat that even Pippi Longstocking couldn't lift her
Yo momma so fat when she walks across the isle at the theatre everybody misses the movie
Yo momma so ugly, that she made sadness from Inside Out feel better about herself.
Yo mama so fat she made the movie "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo mama so fat, when she wanted to go for London Weight Management, Tom Cruise said,: This is Mission Impossible."
Yo momma so fat that Buzz Lightyear changed his line to "Your momma and beyond"
Yo momma so fat, she went to Japan, and everyone screamed "GODZILLA!!!"
Yo mama so short, even Hobbits are taller than her!
Yo mama so old she thought 50 shades of grey was the color of her hair
Yo mama's so fat, when the Grinch saw her, he said, "ho ho holy shit! That's an ugly bitch!"
yo mama so hairy she couldn't have sex with king kong
Yo mama so fat when she said beam me up scotty he said "I cant your to heavy."
Yo momma so old she got to see passion of the christ live!
Yo mama so bald that Vin Diesel thought she was his twin.
Yo mom so fat that Darth Vader can't even choke her with the force.
Yo mama is so skinny and hairy the Ninja Turtles called her Master Splinter.
Yo mama so fat, Matthew McConaughey went interstellar around her black ass.
Yo momma so hairy chewbacca popped out of her butt and said its a jungle down there
Yo mama so nasty and smells so bad, she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds
Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scale Buzzlightear popped out and said to infinity and beyond
Yo mamma so stupid, when she went to Hollywood, she brought a Telescope to meet the stars".
Yo mama is ugly people thinks she's yoda of star wars
Yo mama so short she's Mini-Me's.... Mini-Me
yo mama is so fat when she went to the movies, everyone asked "Can this screen be any bigger?
Yo mama so fat, She ate popcorn out of the whole theater!
Yo mama so ugly they cut godzilla so she could make a movie
yo mama is so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg.
Yo mama so hairy, she can stay at Hotel Transylvania.
Yo mama so hairy, when Disney wanted to save money on makeup they asked your mom to play Chewbacca.
Yo mamas ass is so thick that Godzilla cant even chew it.
Yo mama so ugly she makes Pennywise scared.
Yo mama so ugly she broke fix-it-Felix jr.'s hammer.
Yo mama so fat she makes "Free Willy" look like a goldfish.
yo mama so fat, she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn".
Yo mummy is so fat, when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself!
yo mama so stupid, she thought MORGAN FREEMAN was a get out jail free card
yo mama so ugly she is the reason why King Kong climbed the empire state building
Yo mama so stupid she took a cup to the movie juice .
Yo mama is so ugly that every movie with her in it has "Scream" in the title.
Yo mama so UGLY, when she bought a new car it TRANSFORMED and ran away.
yo mama so fat the other half of her is in Narnia!
Yo mama so fat that the Richie Rich had to pay for her lipo-suction operation.
Yo mama so fat Casper couldn't even go through her
Yo mama so fat the sorting hat put her in the house of pancakes.
Yo Mama is so fat, Chuck Norris dunno WTF to do about it.
Yo mama is so fat that when the boulder for Indiana Jones broke they used her.
Yo mamma is so ugly when she was an extra on a Disney movie, they had to make it rated R.
Yo mama's so fat, even Hercules couldn't lift her!
Yo mamas so ugly when she got a new car it transformed and ran away... "Autobots let's get the f**k out of here"
Yo momma so fat she got the biggest part in Titanic, the iceberg.
Yo mamas so teeth are so yellow it looks like minions are working in her mouth.
Yo mama's so fat, She's one third of the multi-verse
Yo mama so fat, when she joined the power rangers, they used her as the megazord.
Yo mama's so fat, she looked in the Mirror Of Erised and saw a ham!
Yo momma so stupid that when she heard we were going to see Free Willy she thought it was a strip club.
Yo mama so nasty, she sat on Pinocchio's nose and told him to lie.
Yo mama is so ugly she got admitted into Monsters University.
Yo mama so fat, workout videos are horror movies!
Yo momma so ugly, not even Willy Wonka can sugar coat it.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to drink Beetlejuice.
yo mama so ugly when she brought a car it transformed and ran away.
Yo mama so ugly that when she was a kid Krampus punished her every Christmas just for being so ugly.
Yo Mama so fat she sat on Chris Rock and turned him into Chris Pebbles.
Yo mama so nasty, madam tussauds buys her earwax.
Yo mama is so ugly she's the reason Pennywise lives in the sewers.
Yo Mama's head so big, her dreams are in IMAX.
Yo mama so nasty, I told her to do the robot and now ... BB8 has... AIDS !
Yo mama so fat, she sued Les Misrables for having a prisoner with her weight.(Prisoner 24601)
Yo mama so ugly, when the Grinch came to steal Christmas, he left the wrapping paper and put it on her face.
Yo momma so hairy the only language she speaks is wookie.
Yo mama so fat when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball.
Yo mama so fat they call her "Jenny IS the block"
Yo mama's so stupid she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening go Eminem.
Yo mama so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake
Yo mama is so short, she wakes up in a lego house singing "Everything is Awesome".
Yo mama so ugly One Direction went the other way!
Yo mama so ugly, Florida Georgia Line rolled their windows UP!
Yo mama so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet
Yo mama so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
Yo mama so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble".
Yo mama's so old, she knew the Beatles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
yo momma so stupid she tried to take Snoop Dogg for a walk.
Yo mama so dumb I asked her if she knew Pharell from the Neptunes and she said she only knows people from Earth.
yo mama so ugly when she lookes in the mirror Micheal Jackson sings beat it.
Yo mama so nasty she has more rappers in her than an Ipod
Yo momma so fat, she's always singing that Ariana Grande song "Thank you bacon eggs, Thank you bacon eggs"
yo mama is so hairy when I opened up her leg a Axl Rose popped out singing "Welcome to the Jungle"
Yo mama so dumb she thought that Dr. Dre and Dr. Pepper were related.
Yo momma so dumb, she breaks her phone everytime she listens to "Let it go".
Yo Mama So Poor that on karaoke night she pulled out her dinner (a bannana) and went "You used to call me on my cell-phone"
yo mamma is so dirty her radio plays only one song Chamillionaires "Ridin Dirty"
yo mama so stupid, she tried to walk Snoop Dog.
Yo mama so ugly, she made Kanye West go east to avoid her
Yo momma so fat, that Taylor Swift had a million dollar idea when yo momma got hit by a bus and shaked it off.
Yo mama so hairy she look like she got Buckwheat, Bob Marley and Don King in a headlock.
Yo momma so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave.
Yo mama so dumb she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album.
Yo mama so ugly that Michel Jackson died singing the song "Thriller."
Yo mama so ugly she scared off flavor flav
Yo moms ass is so big it makes Nicki Minaj jealous!!
yo mama is so bald that when she stood near a wall Lil wayne sang "Mirror On The Wall"
Yo mama so fat, shes the reason London Bridge is falling down.
Yo momma so ugly Katy Perry's afraid to roar!
yo mama so hairy that she when she ran track everybody sang "Who Let The Dogs Out"
Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby
Yo mama so dumb when her kids ssng "Old mcdonald had a farm.." she asked "how far is that from here".
Yo mama so stupid she thought the harlem shake was a drink.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought Fleetwood Mac was a new cheeseburger at McDonalds.
Yo mama so dumb she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo mama sings so badly that she made Rebecca Black sound like Celine Dion.
Yo mama so fat when she wears Nike's they say Nickeloden
Yo moms so fat her version of the alphabet song is "A,B,C,D, KFC,"
Yo mamma so fat she fell Truly Madly Deeply in love and broke it.
Yo mama's teeth so nasty Wiz Khalifa wrote a song about them "Black and Yellow".
Yo mama so fat she jumped into the ocean and made the whales sing "we are family, even though you are fatter than me."
Yo mama so dumb that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo Mama so ugly, she made the Back Street Boys go Front.
yo mama so fat that her back rolls cried justin timberlake a river.
Yo mama so ugly when I walked past her I thought she was Susan Boyle.
Yo mamma bum is so big, even Nikki Minaj said, "DAANG GIRRL!"
Yo mama so fat, she makes "Hammer Pants" look like skinny jeans
Yo mama so dumb she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Yo mama so stupid she thought TuPac Shakur was a jewish holiday
Yo mama so ugly she makes Susan Boyle look like a beauty queen.
Yo mama so ugly she is MJ's nose twin
yo mama so fat that when she hears the doorbell she runs to the microwave singing 'HOT POCKETS'!!!
Yo mama so stupid she thought Meow Mix was a record for cats
YO mama is so thick that Nicki Minaj was jealous because she had a bigger ass than her.
Yo Momma's so fat, she roller skates with tour buses.
Yo mama so fat that when she danced to "Wiggle" by Jason Derulo, the whole world went WILD!!
Yo Mama so ugly, when she met Nick Minaj, she said "My Anaconda don't".
Yo mama so dumb She went to Dr. Dre for a pap smear.
Yo mama so ugly, she's the reason why Sia covers her face!
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Mike and The Mechanics was a spinoff of Bob the Builder!
yo momma so fat that when she paid for a meet & greet with Miley Cyrus, Miley asked her to be a wrecking ball.
Yo Mama is so freaking ugly she couldn't give One Direction, one erection.
Yo mama so ugly she made Ray Charles flinch
Yo mama so ugly she inspired Adeles new song "Goodbye".
Yo mama so fat and old she knows firsthand the song "London Bridge came falling down" is based on true events.
yo mama is so stupid she heard about the Rolling Stones she went out to the mountains and stated searching for them
yo momma so dumb she went to a Dodgers game looking for Daddy Yankee
Yo Mama's so nasty, she's got more clap than an auditorium.
Yo mama so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.
Yo mama so nasty she has more rappers in her than an Ipod
Yo mama so nasty she looks like an ogre and smells like puss in boots
Yo mama so nasty, they call her the carpenters delight, flat as a board and easy to nail
Yo mama so nasty she made right guard turn left.
Yo mama so nasty I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
Yo mama so nasty, when she passes Gas, the whole county goes up in flames.
Yo mama so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave
Yo momma so nasty she doesn't sit down, she shits down.
Yo mama's pussy so nasty, they make you eat it during "Fear Factor"
Yo mama's so nasty, she puts ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh.
Yo mama's so nasty, she pours salt water in her drawers to keep the crabs alive.
Yo mama's so nasty, she's got more clap than an auditorium.
Yo mama so nasty and smells so bad, she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds
Yo mama's so nasty, she made Speed Stick slow down.
Yo mama's so nasty, she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
Yo mama so nasty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo mamma so gassy when the plane ran out of fuel they used her as a back up
Yo mama so nasty she's like a nascar driver she burns 50 rubbers a day!
Yo mama so nasty the million man march was at her house
Yo momma so nasty, the government hired her to infect the coronavirus.
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo mama's so nasty, she dropped her toothbrush in the toilet. We had to get a new toilet.
Yo mama so nasty that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh.
Yo Momma so Nasty...her mouth is busier than the Atlanta Airport.
Yo mama so nasty she went to your school and the principal dropped out
Yo mama's so nasty, I called her up for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection.
Yo Mama's so nasty, she has a sign by her pussy that says: "Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts."
Yo Mama's so nasty lice consider her a great vacation place
Yo momma so nasty the weekly inspector walked by her and ask for the dead fish in her bag.
Yo mama's so nasty, she stuck in a cucumber and pulled out a pickle.
Yo mamma so nasty....she got an STD from masturbating!
Yo mommas so nasty she brings crabs to the beach
Yo mama is so nasty, that the military weaponized her farts as weapons.
Yo mama has so many teeth missing, that it looks like her tongue is in jail.
Yo mama so nasty her breath smells like donkey sex
Yo mama so nasty, I shoke her hand and she gave me gonnerhea
Yo mama so nasty, when she goes to red lobster they kick her out for bringing her own crabs
Yo momma's so nasty, when she pulls down her panties it sounds like Velcro.
Yo momma's so fat and nasty, instead of using Tampons, she uses Ca. King Size Mattress's.
Yo mama so nasty that when she was born and the doctor slapped her ass she gave him her phone number
Yo mama so nasty third world countries eat the cheese from the crack of her ass
Yo mama so nasty, the roaches in her house ask to be sprayed
Yo mama so nasty, they call her the carpenters delight, flat as a board and easy to nail
Yo Mama's so nasty she joined the four horseman: war, death, famine, disease and Yo mama
Yo mama's so nasty, the US Government uses her bath water for chemical weapons.
yo mama is so nasty..her coochy smells like beef jerky!
Yo mama's so nasty, even dogs won't sniff her crotch.
Yo mama's so nasty, when she leans over and farts, she needs to Re Wall Paper the whole living room
Yo Mama is so Nasty, she puts salt water down her Trousers to Keep her crabs Fresh
Yo mama so nasty that she farted and the dinosaurs came back to life.
Yo momma so nasty she couldnt even sell her ass for a free sample
Yo mama's so nasty, when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask.
Yo momma so nasty her camel-toe has an in-grown nail.
Yo mama's so nasty, she made Right Guard go left, Speed Stick slow down, and Ban come off strike.
Yo mama's so nasty, she was playing in a sand box and a cat came along and buried her.
Yo mama's so nasty, the roaches check in but they don't check out.
Yo mama so nasty I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.
Yo Mama's so nasty, she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
Yo Mama's so nasty, she went to a hair salon and told the stylist to cut her hair, then she opened up her blouse!!
Yo Mama's so nasty, she has more crabs then Red Lobster.
Yo Mama's so nasty, when I went to yo house said whats for dinner, yo mama jumped up on the table, spread her legs, and said "crabs!"
Yo Mama's so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea.
Yo Mama's so nasty, I talked to her over the computer and she gave me a virus.
Yo mama so nasty crabs use her as a hide out
Yo mama so nasty when she went to red lobster they kicked her out for bringing her own crabs
Yo Mama's so nasty, a skunk smelled her ass and passed out.
Yo mama so nasty, she had to cut the tampon string between her legs because the crabs kept on bungee jumping.
Yo mama's so nasty she did the splits and gave the floor a hickey!
Yo mama so nasty she got a dick transplant just to f**k herself
yo mama so nasty, she walked up to a racoon and said "you ain't got nothin on me"
yo mama so nasty i went to her house and ask whats for dinner she opened she legs and said FISHSTCKS want some
Yo mama so nasty she gave your daddy a blow job then came into your room and gave you a kiss goodnight
Yo momma's so nasty, we asked her what was fo dinner, she put her foot up on the table and said, "Corns."
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.
Yo mama's so nasty she got Play-Doh teeth.
Yo mama's house is so nasty, every time I open the Fridge Cock Roaches are riding four-wheelers.
Yo Mama so nasty, she uses Dr. Scholl Odor Eaters for panty liners.
Yo mama is so nasty, that i came home and asked what was for dinner. She opened her legs and said tuna suprise
Yo mama's so nasty she's like a vaccum she sucks blows and gets laid in the closet
Yo mama so nasty I asked her how to spell PENIS, and she said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tounge.
Yo mama so nice she'd give me the hair off her back.
Yo Momma's so nice that during the seventh inning stretch she sings "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" for both teams, so no one feels bad.
Yo mama's so loving that I wish she was my mama!
Yo mama's so nice, I gotta say it twice. ...She's NICE (nice).
Yo mama's so full of joy and cheer, she put the detergent industry out of business.
yo mama so generous that she sponsors children in Africa, Asia AND South America!
Yo mama's like a puppy... everybody wants to give her a hug.
Yo mama so nice that she donated a kidney to an orphan and saved his life.
yo mama so nice she gave me all of your birthday presents.
Yo momma so fat and jolly, a kid asked her if she ate Santa Clause.
Yo mama happier than a bus full of retards at Chuckie Cheese.
Yo momma is so sweet and thoughtful, I wish she was mine.
Yo momma so nice, she made protective face coverings for the entire neighborhood, and that's why they are all alive and well today.
Yo Momma so fat, she had a nice personality, but ate it.
Yo momma so nice, you should appreciate all the things she does for you.
Yo mama's so enjoyable she like a hug wrapped in laughter wrapped in a magic show wrapped in a delicious chicken burrito.
Yo mama so old I told her to act her own age, and she died.
Yo mama so old her social security number is 1!
Yo mama so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo mama so old, her last name was "Osaurus".
Yo mama's so old, she took her drivers test on a dinosaur.
Yo mama's so old, Jurassic Park brought back memories.
yo momma so that archaeologists found ancient pottery in her vagina
Yo mama's so old, she used to baby-sit Yoda.
Yo mama so old she doesn't have a camel toe she has a chicken gizard
Yo mama's so old, her memory is in black and white
Yo mama so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo mama so old she sued Google for naming there search engine after her age.
Yo mama's so old, she farts dust
Yo momma so old, she tried to make a TikTok and broke her hip.
Yo mama's so old, her birth-certificate expired.
Yo mama's so old, she knew the Beatles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
Yo mama's so old, she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
Yo mama's so old, she planted the first tree at Central Park.
Yo mama so old they moved her out of the retirement home and in to the museum.
Yo mama's so old, she got slapped by Eve for blowing Adam.
Yo mama so old her first Christmas was the first Christmas!
Yo mamma's so old she still drives her Model T.
Yo mama so fat and old she keeps her purse under her wrinkles.
Yo moma so old that she remembers when the Grand Canyon was just a ditch
Yo momma is so old, the back of her head looks like a raisin.
Yo mama's so old, she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
Yo momma so old, she has to see a DINOcologist.
Yo mama's so old, she has an autographed bible.
Yo mama's so old, when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
Yo mama's so old, she knew Cap'n Crunch while he was still a private.
Yo mama's so old, she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo momma so old, she still remembers the Spanish Flu.
Yo mama so old her birth certificate says expired on it.
yo mama is so old she looks like an avocado that had sex with an older avocado.
yo mamma so old that her birth certificate says doctor "Jesus"
Yo momma so old she has to oil all her joints.
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama so old that when she went to the Museum of Ancient Arts, she found one of her ex.
Yo mama so fat and old when ever she walks, she gets tripped over by her titties.
Yo momma so old, when she was a child, rainbows were in black and white
Yo momma so old, she knows which Testament is more accurate.
Yo mama is so old her first pet was a T-Rex
Yo mama so old she went to an antique store they wouldn't let her leave.
Yo mama so old she looks like my scrotum sack...
Yo mama so old when she went to an antique store people started to bid on her
Yo mama so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo mama so old she shits out fossils
Yo mama so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo mama so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo Mama's so old, she's got hieroglyphics on her driver's license.
yo mamas so old she sat next to Ben Franklin in kindergarden
Yo Mama's so old, the key on Ben Franklin's kite was to her apartment.
Yo Mama's so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Yo Mama's so old, her memory is in black and white.
Yo Mama's so old, I told her to act her age and the bitch died.
Yo Mama's so old, she drove a chariot to high school.
Yo Mama's so old, she baby-sat for Jesus.
Yo mamas so old her flashbacks are in black and white.
Yo Mama's so old, her birth-certificate expired.
Yo Mama's so old, when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo Mama's so old, when she reads the bible she reminisces.
yo mama so old,when Jesus said let there be light, she turned on the switch.
Yo Mama's so old, her butt crack sealed.
Yo mama is so old, her wrinkles spell her age.
Yo mama so old she was best friends with Jesus.
Yo mama so old she got her bible signed by jesus
Yo mama so old she dated john the baptist
Yo Mama so old, that she grew up WITH the Flintstones!
Yo mama so old she gave historians the secrets to Mesopotamia.
Yo mama so old when she breast feeds it comes out like powder.
Yo mama is so old that she gangbanged with the hebrews.
Yo mama so old I told her to act her own age and she got wings and started flying to heaven!
yo mama is so old, I slapped her in the back and her tits fell off
Yo mama so fat and old, she broke Technicolor, which is why the first movies were in black n white.
Yo mama so old she planted the apple tree in The Garden of Eden!
Yo mama is so old God signed her yearbook.
Yo momma so old she knows how they built the Pyramids of Giza.
Yo mamma so old when he walk in to the mueseum they put it on emergency lock down because they thaught a fossil came to life.
Yo Mama is so old when she reads the bible, she thinks to herself, these guys stole ma life story.
yo mama so old......in history class she wrote down what she was doing
Yo mama so fat and old she knows firsthand the song "London Bridge came falling down" is based on true events.
yo mama is so old she left her purse on noahs ark
Yo mama so old, her birth certificate said EXPIRED.
Yo mama so old she helped name the planets.
Yo mama is like a flouresent light bulb she is old but she gets the job done.
Yo mama so old her butt crack sealed..
Yo mama so old she watched the birth of jesus
Yo mama so old, she dated Marco Polo.
yo mama so fat and old she sat on a toy airplane and invented the jet
yo mama so old when you talk about dinosaurs she has flashbacks
Yo mama so old when moses parted the red sea she was on the other side fishing
Yo mama so old she farts dust and shits rust
Yo mama so old her first job was shoveling shit on Noah's Ark.
yo mama so old her license plate number is in roman numerals
Yo mama so old she can remember when Times Square was just a ditch.
Yo mama so fat and old, Noah told her "Get off my ark"
Yo momma so ancient, when she went to the museum, the mummies took pictures of her and said DAYUM.
Yo mama is so old, she could see the light of Jesus when she was born.
yo mama so old her diary is fifty thousand pages long.
Yo mama so old she watched the birth of Jesus
Yo mama so old an fat; that when she was in the shower she lifted her breast and a pilgrim fell out
Yo momma so old she got to see passion of the christ live!
Yo Mama So Old She Was A Stripper For Christopher Columbus!
yo mama is so old that when i took a picture of her it came out black and white
Yo mama is so old she sat next to jesus in the 1st grade
Yo Mama so short she makes Kim Jong Un look like Dennis Rodman
Yo mama so ugly Moses regretted not adding an 11th commandment "Thou shall not look at your mother"
Yo Mama is whiter than Jeb Bush in a Snow storm
Yo Mamas so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling.
Yo mama's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
Yo mama so stupid, she's the reason women only make 75 cents on the dollar.
Yo mama's such a slut, she interned for Bill Clinton
Yo Mama so fat her ass has its own congressman
Yo mama so fat it took her four weeks to die from lethal injection
Yo mama so fat the last time she tried to get on an airplane her butt was still on the tarmac at La Guardia and her boobs were already violating Iraq's no fly zone.
Yo mama is so ugly, when she went to Iran, they ran.
Yo momma so ugly, Donald Trump tried to disconnect her from the internet.
Yo mama's so nasty, the US Government uses her bath water for chemical weapons.
Yo mama is so greasey that she single-handedly increased oil production and lowered gas prices.
Yo mama such an old whore she slept with the Father, The Son, and the Holy Ghost
Yo mama so dumb she thinks Donald Trump has real hair.
Yo mama's butt cheeks are so big, even Moses couldn't part them.
Yo mama so old, she was a member of the Women's Suffrage Movement.
Yo mama so fat that she inspired Al Gore to invent the World Wide Web.
Yo mama so dumb she makes Donald Trump look smart.
yo mama so fat her tits can feed a starving African nation.
Yo mama so fat she represents her own Congressional district.
Yo Mama so mean she betrayed the spartans to the persians.
Yo Mama is so fat that when she travelled to a different country they said "Oh look there's an American".
Yo mama so ugly flood victims from New Orleans are giving her money .
Yo momma so yuuuuge, that Donald Trump plans to use her to create a wall on the Mexican border.
Yo mama so dirty third world countries eat the cheese from the crack of her ass
Yo mama so ugly she made the Illuminati close its eye.
Yo mama so stupid, the government banned her from homeschooling her kids.
Yo mama so old when Christopher Columbus discovered America yo mama made the flag
yo momma so fat when she swam in the Mediterranean sea and even Italy couldn't kick her out.
Yo mama so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo Mama's so old, the key on Ben Franklin's kite was to her apartment.
Yo mama so ugly that the Statue of Liberty laughed at her
Yo mama so nasty the Million Man March was at her house
Yo Mama so stupid she thought Old Navy, was a gathering for World War Two veterans
Yo momma so old when she puts on a green dress she looks like a dollar bill.
Yo momma so fat, she went to Alaska and Sarah Palin shot her from a helicopter.
Yo mama so fat, Harry Truman used her stomach as an atomic bomb in Japan.
Yo mama so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
yo mama is so fat all they had to do to stop the war was put her in front of the Germans
Yo mama so poor , she makes starving Africians look like multi-quadrillion aires
Yo mama so fat that she stepped on the Burj Khalifa and said "Ow! Who put that toothpick there?"
Yo mama so fat shes like the ocean....Big...Wide...and filed with Cubans!
Yo Mama is so fat that Christopher Columbus thought she was the new world.
Yo Mama's so old, when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks socialism means partying.
yo mama is so poor children from Africa send her money
yo mama so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please"
Yo mama's so old, she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
Yo momma so fat that Cristopher Colombus claimed her for the new world.
Yo mama so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo momma so dumb, she went to McDonalds looking for Donald Trump.
Yo mama so old she gave historians the secrets to Mesopotamia.
Yo mom so fat refugees climb across her to get to Europe when she's asleep.
yo mamma so fat when she got in a plane she was like the Japanese Kamikaze, up up up crash.
Yo momma is so dumb, she makes up more words than Donald Trump.
Yo mama so old, she dated Marco Polo.
Yo mama so wide, she went to China, and was deemed "The Greater Wall"
Yo mama so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear.
Yo mama so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo mama so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo mama so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
Yo mama so poor, she bounces food stamps!!
Yo mama so poor, burglars break in her house and leave money.
Yo momma is so poor she created a gmail account just so she can eat the spam
Yo mama so poor she does drive by shootings on the bus.
yo mama so poor, she drives a Poor-shh
Yo mama so poor I walked into your house and 3 roaches tripped me & tried to take my wallet!
Yo mama so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags. I said, "What ya doin'?" She said, "Buying luggage."
Yo mama so poor she drives a peanut.
Yo mama so poor she makes her own hand sanitizer.
Yo mama so poor, she sued Capital One for guessing how much money she had in her pocket.
yo momma so poor her mums from poortugal, her dads from singapoor.
Yo Mama so poor I asked her if I could use the bathroom and she said "Just pick a corner"
Yo momma so poor, when everyone lost their jobs during the quarantine, they asked her for survival lessons.
Yo momma is so poor for Christmas she got a box, put two sticks on it, spun it and said son here's your xbox 360
Yo mama so poor she waves around a Popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
Yo mamma so poor, my jacko-lantern has better dental work than she does.
Yo mama so poor I saw her holding a penny and I asked "Whatcha doing with that?" and she said "Taking my life savings to the bank!"
Yo mama so poor her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a foodstamp.
Yo mama's so poor when i jumped in a puddle she said "What are you doing in my bathtub?"
Yo mama so poor a tornado hit your house and did 10,000 dollars worth of improvement
YO momma so poor she runs after a garbage truck with her grocery list!
Yo mama so poor her tv has two channels. ON & OFF.
Yo mama so poor when I asked what's for dinner she put her shoe laces in a pot and said spaghetti
Yo mama so poor I saw here walkin down the street I asked her if she lost a shoe and she said no she just found one!
Yo mama so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Yo mama so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
yo mamma so poor she went to Payless and couldn't afford to pay less
yo mama's so poor that she went to Five Below with a nickel.
Yo mama so poor she waved her hand around a popsicle and called it air conditioning.
Yo momma so poor she has to hang her toilet paper out to dry
Yo momma so poor her house got egged on Halloween and she ran out with a frying pan yelling "Praise the Lord, we be having dinner tonight!"
Yo mama so poor when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!
yo mama so poor, her front door and back door are the same thing.
Yo momma so poor for Halloween, her trick was the treat.
Yo mama is so poor, the bank repossessed her cardboard box
Yo mama so poor she gotta eviction notice on her car
Yo mama so poor when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!
Yo mama so poor that she scams the Nigerians.
Yo mama so poor when I ring the doorbell she says, "DING!"
Yo mama so poor it took her 3 years to save a penny
Yo mamma is so poor people rob her house for practice.
Yo mama so poor she lives in a two story doritos bag with a dog named Chip
yo mama is so poor children from Africa send her money
yo momma is so poor that when it rains she says kids shower time
yo mama so poor that she gives BJ'S for Taco Bell.
Yo mama so poor the Nigerians don't send her banking scams.
yo mama's house is so dangerous cockroaches carry AK-47s.
Yo mama so poor she speak's japoornese.
Yo mama so poor on christmas she brought a video tape of other kids opening presents.
Yo mama so poor, her front and back door are on the same hinge
Yo Mama so poor, that I saw her kicking a soda can and I asked her what she was doing and she said moving . I said whose helping her and she said you where at school wearing stolen clothes so she had to move so you and her wouldnt get caught since u live in a stolen soda can to.
Yo mama so poor she uses candy wrappers as wall paper
Yo mama is so poor, I took a piss on her front lawn and she thanked me for watering the lawn.
Yo mama so poor when she steped on a roach she said clap your hands stomp yo feet praise the lord we got somethin to eat.
Yo momma is poor when I sat on a skateboard she said (get of my family van)
Yo mama so poor someone threw an ice cube at her and she said "Thanks for the free air conditioner"
yo mamma so poor i asked her to use the bathroom she said 3rd bucket on the left
Yo mama so poor I stepped on a lit match and she said who turned off the heat.
yo mamma so poor ducks throw bread at her
Yo mama so poor I sat on the couch and a roach came up and said move over I pay rent
Yo mama so poor when I went over her house and asked what's for dinner she opened her legs and said fish sticks
Yo mama so poor when I came over her house I asked what happend to the color t.v she said we out of crayons
Yo mama's so poor the last time she smelled a hot meal was when a rich man farted!
Yo mama so poor that her face was on a food stamp card
yo mama is so poor she put three peas on the table, I took one and she said "Dont be greedy!"
yo mama so broke she fuck the atm to get money
Yo mama so poor , she makes starving Africians look like multi-quadrillion aires
Yo momma so poor she can't even afford a payday
Yo mama's so poor, I stepped on a lit match and she said who turned off the heat
Yo mama is so poor she cant afford to wash herself so she stands in the rain
Yo mama so poor they caught her shoplifting at Dollar General
Yo mama's so poor, I farted and she said who turned on the heat
yo mama so poor and stupid, she draws Lincoln's face on a piece of paper and says it is a twenty
Yo mama so poor, she took out a 2nd mortgage on her cardboard box.
yo mama so poor she painted the bottom of her shoes red and said ,"look i got red bottoms"
yo mama so poor when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps
Yo mamas so poor I sat on the couch and a roach came up and said move over i pay rent!
Yo mama so fat and poor that when her kids said "i want trampoline for Christmas" she said you dont need one! You've got me! BOUNCE BOUNCE!
Yo momma so poor i saw her kicking a can and ask her what she was doin she said moving
Yo mamas so poor when she gets mad she can't afford to fly off the handle so she's gotta go greyhound off the handle
Yo mama so poor she lives in a 2 story dorito bag with a dog named chip
Yo mama so cheap, instead of writing her mother a letter on stationery paper, she write her letter on toilet paper.
Yo mamma so poor she put a happy meal on layaway
Yo mama is so poor and her credit is so bad, she couldn't use a free promo code at Redbox.
Yo mama so poor the cockroaches in your home buy the groceries.
Yo momma so poor she uses a hotdog as a dildo
Yo mama so poor that her breakfeast is from my backyard bird feeders.
yo mama so poor, she took the trash in!
Yo mama so poor when a visitor came to her house he asked, may I please use the bathroom she said pick a corner, any corner.
Yo mama so poor the roaches pay the light bill
Yo momma so poor the only way she'll go to a party is to find a new pair of shoes.
Yo momma so poor, she put crap on pizza and called it a topping.
Yo momma so poor, she made your prom dress out of food stamps.
yo mama so poor when she found a coupon that said "50% off", she went looking for the other half.
Yo mama so poor, I seen her walking down the street with one shoe on. I said "Ma'am, did you lose a shoe?" She said "Nah, I just found one!"
Yo mama so poor when I lit a match the roaches started singing clap your hands stomp your feet praise the lord we got heat
Yo mama so poor she makes a homeless person look like a millionaire!
yo mama so poor I took the garbage out and she said hey you betta come back with my pantry.
yo mama so poor I went to her house and got robbed by a rat and raped by a roach.
Yo mama so poor when I stepped on a cigarete butt, she said why did you step on my heater.
yo mama so poor when I went over her house and asked what's for dinner she opened her legs and said fish sticks
Yo mama so old her first job was as Cain and Abel's babysitter.
Yo momma so chatty ever the pastor tries to avoid her.
Yo mama so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo mama so dumb I asked her if she was a catholic and she said "Yeah, I've loved cats all my life"
Yo mama so ugly she couldn't find a priest to officiate her wedding.
Yo mama so religious se can name all the Left Behind books in order.
Yo mommas so fat when she died and went to heaven Jesus said there was no room so then she went to hell and the devil said HELL NO.
Yo momma so dumb she's a lesbian and voted for Rick Santorum.
Yo momma so stupid, she let the priest give you a prostate exam.
Yo momma so old, she knows which Testament is more accurate.
Yo mama so ugly Moses regretted not adding an 11th commandment "Thou shall not look at your mother"
Yo mamma so crazy she asks why can't you be more like "Kirk Cameron"
Yo mama so religious, not even the coronavirus can stop her from going to church.
Yo mama so stupid she thought THE EXORCIST was a workout video.
Yo momma so dumb, I told her something about Jessa Duggar and she said "Who's Jessa and why does she like me?"
Yo mama is so ugly that she made devil go to church.
Yo mama so dumb she thought 19 Kids and Counting was a show about Mormons.
yo mama so white, people ask her if she's ascending to heaven.
Yo Mama so Old she was one of Solomon's concubines.
Yo mam is so ugly that, when she steps up to the pearly gates, Saint Peter will have locked them!
Yo mamma so fat when she sat on the bible Jesus came begging her to set his people free
Yo mama so fat, she visited Egypt and dropped her tampon in the water, and created the Red Sea
Yo mamma so dumb she confuses intelligent design with interior design.
yo mama is so old that she pre-ordered the bible.
Yo mama so fat even Moses can't part her legs.
Yo mama so white people ask her if she's ever been to heaven before.
Yo mama is so fat she sat down in the front row at church and the minister thought she was the only one there.
Yo mama's butt cheeks are so big, even Moses couldn't part them.
Yo momma such a smart ass she threw her watch out the window, just to see if it could intelligently evolve into a bird.
Yo mama so Buddhist, I gave her a vacuum for Christmas and she returned it because it had "too many attachments"
yo mama so ugly that santa said ho ho holy shit
Yo mamma so fat when God told Moses to separate the Red Sea, Moses told her to do a cannonball.
Yo mama so old she still has a friendship bracelet with Jesus.
Yo mama so fat when she bunge jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama is so ugly she chased the devil to church.
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo mama such a bad christian, the only thing holy about her is the Swiss cheese in her fridge.
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped off a bridge she baptised the whole world.
Yo mama so old she planted the apple tree in The Garden of Eden!
Yo mama so tall she did a back flip and kicked Jesus in the chin
yo mama so poor when she heard about the Last Supper she thought she was running out of food stamps
Yo mama such an old whore she slept with the Father, The Son, and the Holy Ghost
Yo Mama's so ugly that when Satan saw her, he said "This must be my punishment" and went to church for a whole year.
Yo mama so fat not even Jesus could lift her spirits
yo mama's so ugly even god said go to hell
Yo mama so ugly, when the Grinch came to steal Christmas, he left the wrapping paper and put it on her face.
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed 16, 17, & 18 Kids and Counting.
Yo Mama's so nasty she joined the four horseman: war, death, famine, disease and Yo mama
Yo momma so old her maiden name is Mary Magdalene.
Yo mama so old the Bible is her yearbook.
yo mama so ugly JESUS said go to HELL and get a MAKEOVER.
Yo mama so old her first job was shoveling shit on Noah's Ark.
Yo momma so fat when she died she couldn't get through the pearly gates.
Yo Mama so black, when she died and went heaven God said sorry no darkness allowed
yo momma so, ugly when she died and St Peter saw her, he said, "are you kidding me you to ugly to go to heaven"
Yo mama so old and horny, Mary Magdalene was her less scandalous sister.
Yo mama's so fat, when Santa saw her, he said, "ho ho holy shit! That's an ugly bitch!"
Yo mama so fat she fell off the bed and went straight to hell
Yo mama so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo mama so old she got her bible signed by jesus
Yo mama so old she dated john the baptist
Yo mama so fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo mamas glasses so thick she can see past the horizon line of a black hole
Yo momma so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her.
Yo mama so stupid she swallowed a magnet because she wanted to be more attractive.
Yo mama so fat when she was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease, the doctors gave her 10 years to live!
Yo momma conforms to Planck's law. The greater the frequency with which she screws, the more energetic she gets.
Yo momma so fat, she almost turned gummy bears into an endangered species.
Yo mama is so stupid, her exchange particle is a "moron"
Yo momma so fat, scientists at Cal Tech called her Planet Nine.
Yo mama so fat that when she did a belly flop, they found water on Mars.
Yo mama so fat, when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuum
Yo mama is so large that, in theory, she can see the universe dying around her.
Yo momma so fat that scientists call her mother earth
Yo mama is so massive that the gravitational lensing effect is so great around her that a light beam passing within 1 AU has a radius of curvature of 6E9 meters!
Yo mama so fat, Matthew McConaughey went interstellar around her black ass.
Yo Mama so old she remembers her ears ringing from the Big Bang.
yo mama so smelly when she farts people accuse her of global warming
Yo Momma so fat she use a round pizza box for a diaphram.
Yo momma such a smart ass she threw her watch out the window, just to see if it could intelligently evolve into a bird.
Yo Mama is so fat, she created a black hole because she has attained infinite mass.
Yo momma is so fat, she sneezes meteorites.
Yo mama is so ugly that when scientists saw her, they labeled her a biohazard.
Yo mama is so fat, that when she went to space, Jupiter became one of her moons.
Yo momma so dirty she spent a Night at the Museum and archaeologists needed to unearth all the artifacts.
Yo momma so fat, that one side of her lives in a parallel universe.
Yo mama is such a slut that around her electrons have a positive charge.
Yo mama is so fat, NASA qualified her as a planet
Yo mama so hairy she is a failed experiment in mutation.
Yo mamas so fat when she went to space there was no space left.
Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse.
Yo mama so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito)
Yo mama so fat that, inside her is a galaxy!
Yo mamma so hairy when she went to a zoo she was placed behind bars and was classified as an endangered species.
Yo mama so fat that when she was born the doctors had to give her a pregnancy test!
Yo momma so fat that she has a gravitational pull
Yo Mama's so nasty, she has a sign by her private parts that says: "Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts."
Yo mama so poor a tornado hit your house and did 10,000 dollars worth of improvement
Yo mama so fat the Hubble telescope thought she was Jupiter
Yo mama's butt is so fat the moon says stop stealing my job.
Yo momma so fat, everytime she goes swimming in the ocean, The National Tsunami Warning Center issues an alert.
Yo momma so fat, she uses Jupiter as a basketball
Yo momma so fat Nasa though they found a second moon
Yo mama so fat when she did a cannonball, the national weather service declared a flash food warning.
Yo Mama so fat she skinny cause' she collapsed like neutron star
Yo momma so fat, NASA's looking at her through a telescope wondering if it can support life!
Yo mamma so fat she could not be stretched by a black hole
yo mama so stupid she threw anti-freeze in the air because she wanted it to be summer
Yo Mama so stupid, the only reason your alive is because she thought absorbine jr was a contraceptive
Yo mama so fat NASA uses her farts for rocket fuel
Yo mama so short, she changed micro particles in to macro particles.
Yo momma so stupid she went to the dentist to get Bluetooth.
Yo Mama is so fat, she clogged up a black hole
yo mama so fat when a meteor hit her she said who thew that pebble.
yo momma so that archaeologists found ancient pottery in her vagina
Yo momma, so fat that everytime she takes a step the Earth's orbit changes
yo mamas so dumb she went to the beach to surf the internet
Yo mamma so stupid, when she went to Hollywood, to meet the stars, she brought a Telescope with her".
Yo mama so fat, she cant float, even in space!
yo mama so dumb even Albert Einstien couldn't tutor her
yo mama's so fat scientists thought Jupiter was her brother.
Yo mama so stupid, when she ran out of gas, she walked to the nearest Mexican Restaurant and all the Beans she could handle.
yo mama is so fat when she was in outer space she had more gravitational pull than all the planets combined.....
Yo mama so dumb she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Yo mama so greasy, I used her as an example to explain the drag coefficient of objects moving through a vacuum (9.8 m/s^2)
Yo mamas so fat when she went into space there was no space left.
Yo mama's so flat, people ask if she's from the second dimension.
Yo Mama So Dumb, she studied for her pharmacy exam by taking ALL the drugs!
Yo mama so nasty I called her to say hello, and she ended up giving me an ear infection.
Yo mama is fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole.
Yo momma is so massive that scientists have now determined she is the reason why the moon is attracted to Earth.
Yo mama so fat, she did a belly flop and 2 weeks later they found water on Mars.
Yo momma so fat when she bent over people thought she was the full moon.
yo mama so fat Steven Hawking based his black hole theory on her ass crack.
Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone layer
Yo mama so fat scientists divided her in eight hemispheres.
Yo mama so fat that she plays hopscotch like this: "Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune"
Yo mama's so stupid that she took her computer to the doctor cause it had a virus!
Yo mama so small that she can be only seen through an electron microscope.
Yo mama so fat when she went free falling from the International Space Station, NASA thought she was an asteroid.
Yo momma is so fat, when she falls down it connects North and South America
yo mamas so fat stephen hawwkings based his theory of black holes on her ASSHOLE
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a Blue dress people thought the sky was falling.
Yo mama is so dumb she got awarded the nobel prize for stupidity.
Yo mama so fat, she eats soup with the Big Dipper.
Yo momma so old, she has to see a DINOcologist.
Yo mama so short she poses for trophies!
Yo mama so short she's Mini-Me's.... Mini-Me
Yo mama's so short, she has to cuff her underwear.
Yo mama's so short, she don't roll dice, she pushes them.
Yo mama's so short, when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor.
Yo mama so short, Derrick Rose stepped on her and tore his Achilles tendon
Yo mama's so short, she can surf on a popsicle stick.
Yo momma so short, she uses a sock for a sleeping bag
Yo momma so short, she gave the coronavirus a fist bump.
Yo mama is so short, she wakes up in a lego house singing "Everything is Awesome".
Yo mama's so short, her homies are the Keebler Elfs.
Yo mama's so short, she had to stand on three phonebooks to blow yo dad.
Yo mama so short she leaves for work under the door
Yo mama so short when she sits on the side walk her feet are still swinging!
Yo mama's so short, she tried to commit suicide with a pin.
Yo mama so short she makes midgets look like skyscrapers.
Yo mama is so short she don't have to open the door to get in the house.
Yo Mama So Tiny that some people stepped on her and never got hurt
Yo mama is so short she lives on one of my blood cells!
Yo mama so short you can't see her with the naked eye.
Yo momma so short microscopic organisms are her friends.
yo mama so short I stepped on a soda can and she said you better buy me a new toilet
Yo mama so short the only thing she could dunk was a chicken nugget
Yo momma so short I thought she was a broken Barbie doll and shipped her back to Mattel,INC.
Yo mama so short even Peter Pan and the lost boys calls her a midget.
yo mommas so small she can do limbo under the door.
Yo mama so short you can see her feet on her drivers license
Yo mama so short she needs a backpack to carry her smartphone.
yo mamma is so short, when it rains she is always the last person to know
yo mama short when she does marijuana she can't get high
Yo momma so small she has to ride the kiddie rides.
Yo mama's so short she ties her shoelaces while standing
Yo mama so short her best friend is an Ant.!
Yo mama so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo momma so short you can see her feet on her license
Yo mama so short and black that people call her ne(don't)gro
Yo mama so short not even germs can find her.
Yo Mama is short that she travels on a toy airplane.
Yo mama so short she can play handball on the curb.
Yo mama so short she gets mistaken for a barbie doll.
Yo mama is so short she wears shoes for her chin.
Yo mama so short, when a truck ran over her she still was alive
Yo mama so short she needs a ladder to sit on the sofa.
Yo momma so short she hooks up with Legos.
yo mama's eye's so small she use's shoelaces as blindfolds.
Yo mama so short, if she went missing, the first place people would look is under the rugs.
Yo mama so short she makes Asians look like skyscrapers.
Yo mama so short she needs a step stool to get on a step stool.
Yo momma so tiny she has to shop at Baby Gap.
Yo mama is so short that she can`t even reach the petals of a smart car
Yo mama's so short she drives a toy car.
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
Yo momma so short she has to wear a torn napkin as a dress
Yo mama so short, she has to cuff her underwear.
Yo mama so short, she don't roll dice, she pushes them.
Yo mama so short, she can do push-ups under the door.
Yo mama so short, when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor.
Yo mama so short, she can sit on a dime and swing her legs.
Yo momma so short, she can sit on a dime and eat off a nickel.
Yo mama so short, she broke her leg jumping off the toilet.
Yo mama so short, she be jumping off curbs talkin' bout "Weeee!"
Yo momma so short, she has to get a running start to get up on the toilet.
Yo mama so short, she can hang glide on a Dorito.
Yo mama so short, she uses a condom for a sleeping bag.
Yo mama so short she can suck my dick standing up.
Yo mama so short she can do flips under the bed.
Yo mama so short, you can see her whole body on her driver's license.
Yo mama so short, she's a teller at a piggy bank.
Yo mama so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
Yo mama so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex.
Yo mama's so skinny, her nipples touch.
Yo mama is so skinny that if she had dreads people would grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she had a sesame seed on her head, she'd look like a push pin.
Yo mama so skinny the Olsen Twins called and said they want their eating disorder back.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she turned sideways and stuck out her tongue, she would look like a zipper.
Yo mama's so skinny, she can see out the peephole with both eyes.
Yo mama's so skinny, she has to wear skis in the shower.
Yo mama's so shinny, she had to stand in the same place twice to cast a shadow.
Yo mama's so skinny, her pants have one belt loop.
Yo momma so skinny I put a dime on her head and people mistook her for a Nail
Yo mama's so skinny, she can grate cheese on her ribs
Yo mama's so skinny, when I slapped her I got a paper cut!
yo mama is so skinny when she is taking a shower, she has to run around to get wet.
Yo mama so skinny, she choked on a SINGLE STRAND OF SPAGHETTI!
Yo mama's legs so skinny, she looks like a blow pop
Yo mama so skinny she makes Tara Reid look pregnant.
yo mama so slim when she showers you have to pull her out of the drain.
yo mama so skinny she can use a bracelet as a hula hoop
yo mama is so thin that if she stands in front of a wall she looks like a crack.
Yo mama so skinny, she could dive through a fence
Yo mama is so skinny and hairy the Ninja Turtles called her Master Splinter.
Yo mama so skinny, when she sticks her tongue out she looks like a zipper.
Yo momma so skinny that people thought she was a twig off a tree.
Yo mamma so skinny she can't sideways when taking a selfie.
Yo mama so skinny she played the part of the staff in the story of moses
Yo mama so skinny, she stood sideways, and the teacher marked her absent.
yo mama so skinny she hid behind a stick during a game of hide and seek
Yo mama so skinny, she got hired by a magican because when she turns sideways she disappears.
Yo mamma's so skinny they couldn't find her in this joke.
Yo mama's so skinny, if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
Yo mama's so skinny, her bra fits better backward.
Yo mama so skinny she uses bandaids for pillows
Yo momma so skinny,when she got in the bed to have sex, the man said, "Where's yo titties"
Yo mama's so skinny, when she holds her arms up she falls through her shirt and hangs herself
Yo mama's so skinny, she uses Chapstick for deodorant.
Yo mama's so skinny, both her nipples are touching
Yo momma so skinny she ate a M&M and looked 8 months pregnant
Yo mama is SO thin, she looks like a crack in the wall!
Yo mamma is so skinny the idea of a sword came from her body shape.
Yo mama so skinny she turned sideways and disappeared.
Yo mama so skinny, I could blind-fold her with dental floss.
Yo mama so skinny that she can hide behind a stop sign.
Yo mama so skinny, she looks like a mic stand.
Yo mama so skinny, if she turned sideways and stuck out her tongue, she would look like a zipper.
Yo mama so skinny, when she wore her yellow dress, she looked like a #2 pencil.
Yo mama so skinny, she gets her tattoos from a printer.
Yo mama so skinny, she can see through the peephole with both eyes.
Yo mama so skinny, she can dodge rain drops.
Yo mama so skinny, she has to run around in the shower to get wet.
Yo mama so skinny that you can play her ribs like a xylophone
Yo mama so skinny, I gave her a piece of popcorn and she went into a coma.
Yo mama so skinny, if she had a yeast infection she'd be a Quarter Pounder with Cheese.
Yo mama so skinny, instead of calling her your parent, you call her transparent.
Yo mama so skinny, she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
Yo mama so skinny, she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
Yo mama so skinny, she inspires crack whores to diet.
Yo mama so smart people think she's half Asian.
Yo mama so smart she makes Macgyver look like the village idiot.
Yo momma so intelligent her brains are as big as her boobs.
Yo mama so smart she can install an operating system while putting on her makeup.
Yo momma so smart she said "Lets get High.........Grades on that test today."
Yo mama so intelligent, she's the only person that can talk down to Stephen Hawking.
Yo momma so smart she broke Ken Jennings record for being the "Worlds Biggest Smartass"
Yo momma so smart she got into a respectable college.
Yo mama's so smart she learned to rollover and beg in one day.
Yo mama so smart, Doctors let her second guess their diagnosis.
Yo mama so smart, she doesn't know the meaning of hard work because everything comes easy for her.
Yo Momma so smart, she went to Florida State and everyone thought she was a tourist.
Yo mama so intelligent, that people don't believe she is a blonde.
Yo momma so smart she wrote your grandaddy's thesis when she was a toddler.
Yo momma so smart, after I gave her my wifi password and a few balls of yarn, she made a million dollars on Etsy.
Yo mama's so smart, she got a PhD in Astrophysics from Oxford.
Yo Mama so smart Hermione just earned a troll grade for the WOMBAT exam.
Yo momma so smart and busy, she doesn't use big words because she doesn't have the time to explain it you again.
Yo mama so smart, no one bothers to argue with her because they know she's always right.
Yo mama is so well-respected within her profession that I bet she'll get another raise and promotion this year despite the downward trajectory of the economy.
Yo mama is so intelligent, that she knows yo mama jokes aren't funny.
Yo mama's so intelligent that she makes me feel inferior when I don't use words good.
Yo Mama's so wise, that Yoda texts her for advice.
Yo Mama So smelly She Make Right Guard Turn Left, Secret Tell It All, And Speed Stick Slow Down!
yo mama smells so bad that when she walked by the skunks get high
Yo mama breath so stank, her teeth makes plans to escape.
Yo mama breath so stank, her tooth brush prays every night
Yo mama so smelly the Statue of Liberty got off her platform and started running for the ocean.
Yo mama so stank so bad she scared the sewer away
Yo mama smells so bad she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo mama breathe smell so bad she need prescription strength tic-tacs
Yo momma so smelly, the judge said "Odor in the court".
Yo mommas so smelly, she was playing in a sand box and a cat came along and buried her.
Yo mama's so stank, when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask.
Yo mama so nasty and smells so bad, she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 minutes
Yo Mamma smells so bad that even a dog won't sniff her ass!
Yo ma ma's breath stinks so bad, even Listerine refuses to cooperate with her.
Yo mama's so stank, the US Government uses her bath water for chemical weapons.
Yo mama smells so bad, when she walk down the street, the homeless offer her soap
yo mama pussy stink so bad it smells like a diry fish tank with dead fish in it
Yo mommas breath smells so bad, doctors checked to make sure she didn't have another anus in her mouth.
Yo Momma so stank, she uses Dr. Scholl Odor Eaters for panty liners.
yo mama so stank I thought I was at red lobster cause all I smelt was fish and crabs
yo mama breath smells so bad when she eats out they hide tic-tacs in her food.
yo mamma smells so bad her car radio plays only one song Chamillionaires "Ridin Dirty"
Yo mama so stank that even a car wash can't clean her
Yo mama so smelly the dinosaurs are glad to be extinct!
yo mamma smells so bad defense contractors put her farts in tear gas.
Yo mama so stank third world countries eat the cheese from the crack of her ass
Yo mama's so smelly, she woke up Sleeping Beauty.
yo mama is so smelly when I farted she asked what perfume I was wearing.
Yo mama smells so bad that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation worries!
Yo mommas panties are so funky, the roaches check in but they don't check out.
Yo mama's so Stanky, when she opened her legs I got carsick
Yo mama's smells so bad, the only dis I want to give her is a disinfectant.
Yo momma so stinky, she uses a dead skunk as deodorant.
Yo mama's smells so bad, she has a three-pack-a-day habit...I'm talking about Odor Eaters!
Yo Momma smells so bad when she walks by the bathroom door, the toilet flush itself!
Yo mama's so stank, that her shit is glad to escape.
Yo mama's so stank, she makes a skunk smell like roses.
yo mama so smelly when she farts people accuse her of global warming
Yo momma so dumb, I told her I was a belle and she thought I worked for the phone company.
Yo momma so southern her presence makes me feel cuddly.
Yo mama so mean I googled "Madder than a wet hen" and found her picture.
yo mama so fat she can't use a public bathroom in the south because people can't tell if she got a penis or a vagina.
Yo mama's so white, she could go to her wedding naked.
Yo momma such a floozy, a man doesn't need a pick up line to get in her pants just a pick up truck.
Yo mama's so white, she makes Michael Jackson look black.
Yo mama so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it.
Yo momma so white, she uses cocaine for makeup.
Yo mama so fat she use a county issued trash can for a girdle.
Yo momma so fat they call her the Cow Belle.
Yo mama so mean that Taylor Swift wrote a song about her.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a monster truck it became a low rider.
Yo mama so chatty she dills my pickle from a mile away.
Yo momma so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said "Ouch".
Yo mama so fat she's rounder than a Georgia peach.
Yo momma so poor she squeezes a quarter so tight the eagle screams.
yo momma is so fat that when she ordered a water bed they threw her into the Atlantic ocean.
Yo momma so southern and ignorant she goes around town singing "Oh Lordy, pick a bale of cotton".
Yo mama so white and fat, that she is often mistaken for the iceberg that sunk the titanic.
Yo mama so white, she's in the Guiness Book of World Records for being the most racist person on the planet.
Yo momma so paranoid they call her the alarm belle.
Yo momma's so fat, she sued the State of Georgia because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale.
Yo mamma so paranoid she's as nervous as a long-tail cat in a room full of rocking chairs.
Yo mama so white, in art class, the art teacher tried to use her for an alabaster sculpture!
Yo mama so stupid she thought a quarterback was a refund.
Yo momma so dumb she is Ray Rice's new girlfriend.
Yo mama so butch she takes more steroids than A-Rod.
Yo mama so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it.
Yo mama so mean she's the reason the 7th pin in bowling never falls.
Yo mama so butch evern her pool table has no balls.
Yo mama so dumb she thought Tiger Woods was a forest in India
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo mama so butch, she's the worlds first a one-legged lesbian kick boxer.
Yo mama so butch, she threw the shot-put in high-school.
Yo mama so short she poses for trophies!
Yo mama so stupid when she lost in a breast stroke swimming competition complained that other people were using there arms.
yo mama is so fat instead of swimming with the dolphins she goes out to the ocean and and swims with the whales
Yo mama so butch she's one hell of a knockout.
Yo mama is so dumb, that she went to a clippers game for a haircut.
Yo momma so fat, her favorite baseball team is the Baltimore Oreos.
Yo mama so greasy if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot.
Yo mama so fit her abs belong on the cover of ESPN's Body Issue.
Yo Mama so fat she used the wave pool as a slip-n-slide.
Yo mama so ugly she made a basketball court baseline go sideways.
Yo momma so bald, you can play Air Hockey on her head.
Yo mamma so butch she makes yo daddy ride bitch on her motorcycle.
Yo Mama's so fat, she has to use belts as arm bands.
yo mom so fat she sat in a monster truck and made it a low rider
Yo momma so fat she calls the Atlantic Ocean the "kiddie" pool.
Yo momma so fat she bought a zamboni so she could iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo mama so short, Derrick Rose stepped on her and tore his Achilles tendon
Yo momma is like a basketball court, guys are constantly banging their balls on her.
Yo momma so fat, she's the President of the International Sumo Federation.
Yo mama so fat, she brought a cereal box to the Super Bowl.
Yo momma so stupid, she thought KFC was the UFC for chickens.
Yo mama so fat, she can devour 50 hot dogs faster than Joey Chestnut.
Yo momma is an expert bowler because she knows how to handle big balls.
Yo momma so stupid that when her friend said "Let's play pool." she went to get her bathing suit.
Yo mama's so short, she can surf on a popsicle stick.
Yo moms so fat she can't legally skydive 'cause the world only needs one Grand Canyon!
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber
Yo momma such a tree hugger, her bike has more miles on it than your family car.
yo mama so ugly that when she tried on a Nike shirt it said dont do it
Yo momma is so ugly that when she launched a boomerang it refused to come back.
Yo Mama so short she makes Kim Jong Un look like Dennis Rodman
yo momma is so fat her favorite basketball team is the Denver Nuggets
Yo mama so fat she grinded her roller skates flat
Yo momma so fat and lazy the only pull-ups she does is in the Drive-Thru.
YO momma so fat she wore a polo shirt and the horse ran away
yo mama so fat, at the gym, people use her as a punching bag.
yo mama so fat when she got on a bike and made it a scooter.
Yo mama so hairy she look like she got Buckwheat, Bob Marley and Don King in a headlock.
Yo mama so fat she's a middleweight prostitute
Yo mama so fat, when she goes camping the bears hide their food
Yo mama so fat that she won the hot dog eating contest even though she didn't enter.
yo mama so fat that the only way she could take a bath is to rent a swimming pool.
Yo mama so fat, she needs a six piece bikini.
yo momma so dumb she thought dunkin donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mamma so fat, her acupuncturist has to use javelins.
Yo mama so fat she can play pool with the planets.
Yo mama's so fat The international olympic committee have voted unanimously to make running around her a olympic event
Yo Mamma So Fat When She Asked Me To Climb Her, I Had To Pack Oxygen.
yo mama so fat instead of going skinny dipping she goes chunky dunking.
yo mama is so stupid she thought the UFC was a football team.
Yo mamas so fat joggers run around her to get a good workout
yo mama so fat she's the only thing that can stop Usain Bolt from winning a gold medal.
Yo mama so bald that people could ice skate on her head.
Yo mama is like a miniature golf course, everybody putts their balls in her hole(s).
Yo mama so dumb, that she went to Dick's sporting goods expecting to find a new man.
Yo mama so short she can play handball on the curb.
yo mama so fat, people would rather climb her stomach than Mount Everest.
Yo momma so ugly she always wins at Dodgeball because the balls actually dodge her.
Yo momma so fat, John Cena couldn't pick her up.
Yo momma so fat, she uses Jupiter as a basketball
Yo mama so dumb she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
yo mama so stupid she thought KFC was UFC for chickens!
Yo mama so tall that when she ran in the Olympics she just had to take one step to cross the finish line.
Yo mama so short she uses a toothpick as a pool cue.
Yo mama so short she uses a cigarette butt for high jumping
Yo mama so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo mama so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo mama so stupid I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
Yo mama so stupid she thought Hamburger Helper came with a friend
Yo mama's so stupid that she got her fingers stuck in a website!
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo mama's so stupid she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening go Eminem.
Yo mama is so stupid not even Google could translate her.
Yo mamma so stupid that when she had to leave a voicemail she walked all the way to my house and screamed in my mailbox.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
Yo mama so stupid, she looked at a recipe book that told her to separate an egg from the white. so she left the yolk in the kitchen and put the white in the living room.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks menopause is a button on a VCR
Yo mama so stupid she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album.
Yo mama so stupid, she took her dog to Pet Smart to get an IQ Test.
yo mama so stupid when I asked her if she wanted to go to Wendys she said "No, I don't know that bitch"
Yo mamma so stupid she thought Dunkin Donuts was a basketball team
Yo mama's so stupid she wore a coat to Dairy Queen because of all the blizzards.
Yo mamma is so stupid she gave birth to you on the I-75 because she heard thats where accidents happen
yo mamas so stupid she went to the beach to surf the internet
Yo mamas so stupid she scheduled an appointment with Dr Pepper after she fell off Mountain Dew.
yo momma so stupid she called me, then asked for my phone number.
yo mama so stupid that she put a battery in water to make an energy drink.
Yo momma so stupid, she thought the coronavirus happened after you drank to many Coronas.
Yo momma so fat and stupid, she tears apart computers looking for cookies.
Yo mama so stupid when she saw a drive thru sign in McDonalds, she dove straight thru the building.
Yo momma is so stupid she stuck a phone up her ass to make a booty call
yo mama so stupid, I said drinks are on the house and she went to get a ladder
Yo mama so stupid she went to the library to find Facebook
Yo Mamma so stupid, she thought Spotify was a stain remover!
Yo mama is so stupid that when the docter asked her if she's sexualy active; she said no, I just lay there.
Yo Mama so stupid that she had made only one joke in her life: you.
Yo mama is so stupid, she thought a runny nose was an exercise.
Yo mama so stupid she thought the harlem shake was a drink.
Yo mama so stupid, when she heard the middle of the road is where accidents happen, she went there and peed herself.
Yo mama so stupid she went to the dentist to get her Bluetooth fixed
yo mamma so stupid she thought starbucks was a bank.
Yo mama so stupid, first time she used a vibrator she broke her two front teeth.
Yo mama so stupid, when the weather man said there will be a blizzard outside, she got a cup
Yo mama so stupid she thought if she hits someone with rice they will turn Chinese.
yo mama so stupid she sprayed a tree with axe body spray and thought it would fall down
Yo mama so stupid that I said check out this cool new website and she got a broom and said wheres the spider
Yo mama so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo mama so stupid when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Yo mama so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo mama so stupid she jumped off a cliff so she can fly with the birds.
Yo Mama so stupid, she rented a Hot Air balloon so she can watch the men play Air Hockey
Yo mama so stupid, when she was waitressing, the customer asked her for a Ruben Sandwich. Yo mama then went to Ruben and took his Sandwich.
Yo mama so stupid when the questionnaire asked sex? She put in M F and sometimes Wednesday.
Yo momma stupid she went to mcdonalds, got a hamburger, put a crown on it, and said burger king
Yo Mama so stupid and Generous, when a lady asked her if she could borrow a Tampon, she said, "Sure, don't worry about returning it".
Yo mama so stupid she talks in a envelope to send the voicemail
Yo mama so stupid when I told her to get the Febreeze, she went out side and said "Where's the Free Breeze?"
Yo mama so stupid she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo mama so stupid that under "Education" on her job application, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Yo mama so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
Yo mama so stupid she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo mama so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mama so stupid, she failed a survey.
Yo mama so stupid when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Yo mama so stupid when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon
Yo mama SOOOOOO stupid she brought a bible to Church's Chicken.
Yo mama so stupid she told everyone that she was "illegitiment"because she couldn't read
Yo mama so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Xbox live
yo mama so stupid she went to Babies R Us and asked were the babies were
Yo mama so stupid that when I went to her house and said let me in........she opened the door and then pulled her pants down.
Yo mama so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo mama so stupid you have to dig for her IQ!
Yo momma so stupid, I told her I was dying of laughter and she took me to the hostpial.
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo mama is so stupid she tried to hotwire a trolley
Yo momma so stupid she got fired from a blow job
Yo mama so stupid she goes to Apple store to get a Big Mac meal.
yo mama so stupid she made a appointment with DIET Dr. Pepper to get thinner.
Yo mama so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Yo mama so stupid she wouldn't buy a gameboy because she was a girl
yo mamas so stupid she put cat food down her pants to feed her pussy.
Yo mama so stupid she got a wig with christmas lights in it
Yo mama so stupid, she went into the YMCA thinking it was Macy's
Yo mama so stupid, I saw her running into a subway restaurant asking people if she was late
Yo mama so stupid she could trip over a cordless phone!
Yo mama so stupid when I said ''That act is stealing the show.'', she called the police!
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yo mama is so stupid, when she had "chill for 1 hour" in her recipe, she left the kitchen, sat down and watched TV.
Yo mama so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
yo mama so stupid she thought a lightsaber had less calories
Yo mama so stupid, she put her iPad in the blender because she said that she wanted to make apple juice!
Yo mom so stupid she thought a ring pop was lipstick.
Yo mama so stupid she thought a tsunami was a kind of Japanese sushi.
Yo mama so stupid she thought Taco Bell was a mexican phone company
Yo mama so stupid when she found a sign that said "50% OFF" she went looking for the other half.
Yo mama so stupid she thought Tiger Woods was a forest in India
yo mama so stupid she wouldn't let you shop at Forever 21 cause she thought you had to be 21 to go in the store.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Yo mama's so stupid, when she went for summer school and they asked her to count 1 to 40, she counted 1 2 40.
yo mama is so stupid she returned her smartphone because she thought it was dumb.
Yo mama so stupid she took a cup to see Juice.
Yo mama so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
Yo mama so stupid she asked you "What is the number for 911"
Yo mama so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."
Yo mama so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Yo momma so stupid she went to pet store to buy some bird seed, then asked the cashier how long does it take for the birds to grow!
Yo mama so stupid I rang the doorbell and she checked the microwave
Yo mama so stupid she stole free bread.
Yo mamma so stupid, she's living proof that humans can live without a brain.
yo mamma's so stupid when the doctor told her to burn some calories she set her fat ass on fire.
Yo mama so stupid, that calling her dumb would be an insult to dumb people.
Yo momma so stupid, she told me everything she knows during a commercial break.
Yo mama so stupid, that if I need a brain transplant I'll take hers, because it's barely been used.
Yo mama so stupid if you stand close enough to her you can hear the ocean.
Yo mamma so stupid, if her brain was chocolate it wouldn't fill a M&M.
Yo mama so stupid, I would ask her how old she is, but I know she can't count that high.
Yo momma so stupid, the smartest thing to come out of her mouth was a penis.
Yo mama so stupid, the government banned her from homeschooling her kids.
Yo mama so stupid, she's the reason women only make 75 cents on the dollar.
Yo mama so stupid, she filled her car with water so she can drive in the Car Pool lane.
Yo momma so stupid she threw the clock out the window to see time fly!
yo momma so stupid she thought asphalt was a butt disorder.
Yo mama so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Yo momma so stupid, Willy Wonka couldn't sugar coat it.
yo mama so stupid she yelled into an envelope saying she was voice mailing.
Yo mama so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
yo mama is so stupid. She went to the eye doctor to buy an iPad.
Yo mama so stupid she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo mama so stupid she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Yo mama so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Yo mama so stupid she thought TuPac Shakur was a jewish holiday
Yo mama's so stupid, when she was in the ROTC, the Sergeant told her to about-face and she said "what about my face?"
Yo mama so stupid she put cheese on my dad because he's a cracker
Yo mama so stupid she sent me a fax with a stamp on it
Yo mama so stupid, when she saw a nickel back gorilla she gave it five cents!
Yo mama so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order
Yo mama so stupid she thought Meow Mix was a record for cats
Yo momma so stupid, when the doctor told her she had the coronavirus she bought a new laptop.
Yo Mama so stupid she fell off a boat and couldn't find the water!
yo momma so stupid I peed in the snow she pick it up and thougt it was a snow cone
Yo mama so stupid she tripped over a cordless phone
Yo mamas so stupid, she thinks gluteus maximus is a Roman emperor.
Yo momma so stupid, shes like a glowstick, people want to shake the hell out of her until the light turns on.
Yo mama so stupid she spent 20 minutes looking at the orange juice box because it said "concentrate"
Yo mama so stupid she put lipsick on her forehead because she wanted to make up her mind
Yo mamma so stupid she hired a blind man for look-out duty.
Yo mama so stupid she told me to meet her at the corner of "WALK" and "DON'T WALK"
Yo mama so stupid... She tried to pull a ROOT beer out of the ground.
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death
Yo mamma so stupid, when she heard Rudolph was going down in History, she hired him a Tutor.
Yo mama so stupid if you gave her a penny for intelligence, you'd get change back
Yo Mama so stupid she called me to ask for my phone number.
Yo mama so stupid I told her it was raining cats and dogs and she ran and got a net.
Yo mama so stupid they had to burn the school down to get her out of third grade
Yo mama so stupid at the bottom of the application where it says "sign here"... she put "Sagittarius"
Yo mama is so stupid she tripped over a wireless controller.
Yo mama so stupid she asked for a price check at the Dollar Store
Yo Mama So Stupid She Thought The X-box Live was a concert!!
yo mama's so stupid... she died because she thought suicide was a career.
Yo mama so stupid if she spoke her mind, she'd probably be speechless
Yo mama so stupid she studied for a blood test - and failed
yo mama so stupid, she brought her baby girl to a baby shower and left her.
Yo mama so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train
Yo mama so stupid when she heard that 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved
Yo mama so stupid when she took you to the airport and saw a sign that said "Airport Left" she turned around and went home
Yo mama so stupid she thinks Taco Bell is where you pay your phone bill
Yo mama so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order
Yo mama so stupid she thought Fruit Punch was a gay boxer
Yo mama so stupid she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a parked car
Yo mama so stupid when asked what the capital of California was; answered "C"
Yo mama so stupid after losing in a breaststroke swimming competition, complained that the other swimmers were using their arms.
Yo mama so stupid she couldn't call 911 because there was no 11 on any phone button.
Yo mama so stupid she got excited because she finished a jigsaw puzzle in 6 months and the box said "2 to 4 years"
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in Furniture World and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so stupid, when she ran out of gas, she walked to the nearest Mexican Restaurant and all the Beans she could handle.
Yo mama so stupid she ordered a cheeseburger from McDonald's and said, "Hold the cheese".
Yo mama so stupid, she thought that burger king and dairy queen had a daughter and son named princess a-la-mode and prince beefy.
Yo mama so stupid She went to Dr. Dre for a pap smear.
Yo mama so stupid, when her friend got injured on her left side. She though she was alright.
Yo mama so stupid she threw cats out the window when you said "We need cat litter."
Yo momma so stupid I told her christmas was around the corner and she went looking for it
Yo mama so stupid she studied for a blood test and failed.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought THE EXORCIST was a workout video.
Yo mama so stupid she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a piece of gum to come out
Yo mama so stupid I told her to buy a color tv and she said "What Color?"
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a cup and told the police she got mugged
yo mama so stupid when she studied pi in school, she brought a plate to class
Yo mama so stupid she thinks socialism means partying.
Yo mama so stupid she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama so stupid if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you'd get change.
Yo mama so stupid she was on the corner giving out potato chips, yelling, "Free Lays!".
Yo mama so stupid, when the smoke alarm turned off, she tried to turn it back on by starting a fire.
Yo mama so stupid when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said, "Cherry or Grape?"
Yo mama so stupid when the computer said "Press any key to continue", she couldn't find the "Any" key.
Yo mama so stupid she took a knife to a drive by
Yo momma so fat and stupid she mistook a dollar bill for a piece of lettuce.
Yo mama so stupid that she has to put lipstick on her forehead just to make-up her mind.
Yo mom is so stupid she thought chicken strips was a strip club for chickens
Yo mama so stupid that she went for a walk and stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go.
Yo mama so stupid, she tripped over a WIRELESS network!
Yo mama so stupid, that she went to a clippers game for a haircut.
Yo mama so stupid, her teacher told her to get out a pen and paper, and she got out a hen and raped her.
Yo mommma so stupid, she put 2 quarters in her ears and said she listenin to 50 cent.
yo mama so stupid when she saw a stop sign she never moved again.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to Pet Smart hoping they would teach her new dog old tricks.
Yo mama so stupid, after searching for her wedding ring for three days, she realized she was divorced.
Yo mama so stupid, after jumping out of the plane she realized she was suppose to have a parachute on.
Yo mama so stupid that when she went through the drive through she said can I get chilly I'm hot.
Yo MaMa so stupid, when a guy asks her to give him Head, she picks up a Hack Saw then says, "Ok, let me get one first".
Yo mama so stupid that she got fired from the M&M factory because she kept throwing away all of the W's.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so stupid when she went to heaven they said they were passing out brains, she thought they said trains so she said give me a slow one.
Yo mama so stupid she stared at an orange juice carton for 2 hours because it said concentrate.
Yo mama so stupid she looked in the mirror and said what the f**k you lookin at!
Yo mama so stupid she fell UP a flight of stairs.
Yo mamas so stupid that she has to put lipstick on her forehead just to make-up her mind.
Yo mama so stupid she was told to go away and she asked which way to go!
Yo momma so stupid that she went for a walk and stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go.
Yo mama is so stupid she tried to drown a fish
yo mama so stupid even Albert Einstien couldn't tutor her
Yo mama is so stupid she tried to teach a bird how to fly
Yo momma so stupid when she went to heaven she asked why am I here
yo mamma so stupid that she sat on the t.v. and watched the couch
Yo mama so stupid she thought Grape Nuts was a venereal disease
Yo mama so stupid, after an earthquake she ran to the barn hoping to get a milkshake out of Betsy".
Yo mama so stupid, when playing Monopoly, before passing go, she stopped and looked both ways.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to water the Rose Bowl Parade.
Yo mama so stupid when she went to court and the judge said order she said fries and coke please.
Yo Mama is so stupid , she put a quarter in each ear and said she is listening to Fifty Cents
yo mama soooo stupid that when her ink pen ran out of ink she asked where the pencil sharpener was!!!
Yo mama is so stupid that she asked you wats the number for 911
Yo mama so stupid she threw a bird off a cliff.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks that a scholarship is a boat full of students
Yo mama so stupid she went inside a grocery store and she got locked up and she starved to death at the grocery store.
Yo mama so stupid she put a food stamp on her phone bill and tried to mail it.
Yo mama so stupid, she cut holes in her umbrella to see if it was raining!
Yo mama so stupid she couldn't see the forest cause "the trees were blocking it."
Yo Mama So Stupid she thought the internet was something you catch butterflies with
Yo mamas so stupid that she bought curtains for her computer just because it had Windows
Yo mama is so stupid a school bus passed by and she said go catch that twinkie
Yo mama is so stupid she put a piece of paper on the tv so she can watch paperview.
Yo mamma is so stupid she put a quarter in the parking meter and waited for a gumball to pop out.
Yo mama so stupid I took her to the club and said lets hit the dance floor and she started punchin the dance floor
Yo mama is so stupid she thought the you was the tv and the tv was the you
Yo mama is so stupid she bought a solar powered flash light
Yo mama so stupid she fell up a flight of stairs
yo mama so stupid she tries to use monopoly money at the grocery store
Yo momma so stupid that when she stopped at a stop sign she waited for it to turn green
Yo mama so stupid when I asked her to go to the super bowl with me she brought a spoon
Yo mama so stupid dat she saw a sign dat said turn left and she left to go back home.
Yo mama so stupid, she stays up all night trying to catch some sleep
yo mamma so stupid when she volunteered for a race, she forgot her shoes
Yo momma so stupid she opened up her phone and it said Sprint and she started running.
Yo mama so stupid she went to the doctor and said "I need a new ass because mine has a crack in it"
Yo mama stupid she drowned in death valley
Yo mamma is stupid she sprayed AXE on a tree.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to buy her virginity back.
Yo mama's so stupid she returned a puzzle because it was broken
yo momma so stupid when her tv was robbed she chased the robber saying they forgot the remote
yo mama so stupid when the cop pulled her over and gave her a ticket she said "What movie are we going to see?"
yo mama so stupid she thought a jolly rancher was a gay cowboy.
Yo mama so stupid, after yo daddy hit her in the face , she turn the other cheek and waited for him to hit her again.
yo mama so stupid she thought a civil war is a war against manners
Yo mama soo stupid, she made an appointment with Dr.Pepper
Yo mama so stupid, she took notes while watching the 'Three Stooges.'
Yo mama is so stupid that she got drunk for high school!
yo mama is so stupid she heard about the Rolling Stones she went out to the mountains and stated searching for them
Yo mama so stupid she thought a mugshot was where you went to get a picture of your mugs taken so she brought all her mugs to jail and got arrested for "joking around"
yo mama so stupid she made a blonde look smart.
Yo momma so stupid, .she failed Pre-K cause she couldn't scribble
Yo mama so stupid, before eating breakfast, she put on a life jacket because she thought she was going to eat With Captain Crunch.
Yo Mama so stupid, she brought a ladder to go to HIGH SCHOOL!
Yo mama so stupid when yo father said "Let's hit the Road" she actually hit the road.
Yo mama so stupid she stood on a chair to raise her IQ.
Yo mama is so stupid that she died in a flight simulator.
yo momma so stupid she went to a Dodgers game looking for Daddy Yankee
Yo Mama so stupid she thought pumpernickel was a refund
Yo mamma is so stupid she goes to a White Castle, flushes the toilet and calls it a royal flush!
Yo Mama so stupid, the only reason your alive is because she thought absorbine jr was a contraceptive
Yo mama so stupid when she heard there was a serial killer on the loose she got captain crunch and put him in the closet and said I will protect you.
Yo mama so stupid she puts a quarter in a parking meeter and waits for a gum ball to come out
Yo mama so fat and stupid, she looked up and said "I CAN'T SEE AUSTIN MOON!"
yo mama is so stupid so she took her barbie dolls to get plastic surgery.
Yo mamma so stupid, when she went to Hollywood, she brought a Telescope to meet the stars".
Yo mamma so stupid she brought nuts to the Nutcracker
Yo mama so stupid she brought a fan to a sex party because she wanted to get blown.
yo mama so stupid she bought a Ford from the dealership and sat in it for two days because it said focus
Yo momma is so stupid when she saw a sign for drive thru, she drove through the Taco Bell.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a punchline.
Yo momas so stupid I said my computer mouse was broke so she took it to the vet
yo mama so stupid, she dressed up all cool for her job interview at the police department, because she thought the swat team was the swag team.
Yo Mama so stupid, she put a hot wet towel on her mattress so she can have Wet Dreams.
Yo momma so stupid when I told her she needed to take a drug test, she said "Goody, which one are we gonna try first?"
Yo mama such a stupid, when she lost her virginity, she swam all over the world to look for it
Yo mama is so stupid she got locked in an Albertson's and staved
Yo momma so stupid when she got introduced to the internet she thought it was the new type of legging
Yo mama so stupid when her friend asked her "What was IQ test result?" she said "I came back negative"
Yo mama's so strong, she can blow a bubble with a Now-N-Later.
Yo mama's so strong, she can gargle peanut butter.
Yo momma so strong, she can do the backstroke in mud
Yo mama's so strong she can blow a bubble with Jolly Ranchers
Yo mama so strong she drink Nutella through a straw!
Yo mama's so strong she makes Chuck Norris look like me.
Yo momma so strong, that DC Comics wanted her to be Wonder Woman.
Yo Momma so strong she ran the Boston Marathon wearing ankle weights
Yo momma so strong I thought she was your dad.
Yo Mamma so strong that she can pick up Thor's hammer!
Yo mama so strong, the last person who hit on her is dead.
Yo mama so strong she can survive a severe allergic reaction without going to the hospital or an Epi-pen.
yo mama so strong she eats jaw breakers like marshmallows.
Yo momma so strong, she can turn peanuts into peanut butter
Yo mama's fart is so strong, she farted in China and became the reason behind them eyes.
Yo mama's such a slut, she gives out frequent rider miles.
Yo mama such a slut, that Foursquare has made her vagina a place to "check in".
Yo mama's such a slut, she has a number dispenser on her bedpost.
Yo mama's such a slut, her vagina should be in the NFL Hall of Fame for greatest wide-receiver.
Yo mama's such a slut, she got her tubes tied and still got pregnant.
Yo mama's such a slut, she has people take numbers to get into her bedroom.
yo momma is a carpenters dream, she is flat and never been screwed
Yo Mommas like the neighborhood bike...Everybodys rode her
Yo momma such a slut, she dont need the internet she already world wide
Yo momma's like a Christmas tree everyone puts Balls on her
Yo mama's such a slut, she stuck in a cucumber and pulled out a pickle.
Yo mama's such a slut, she's a professional chode juggler.
Yo mama like a chicken coop ... Cocks fly in and out all day
Yo mama's legs are like the library, they're always open to the public.
yo mama's such a slut that when she walks her pussy claps
yo mama's such a slut, she's like a race car driver...she burns a lot of rubbers...
yo mama's such a slut, when she was born, the doctor slapped her bottom to make her cry, and she said "don't forget to pull my hair"
yo mama's such a slut, just like a Popsicle - everybody wants a fuckin lick!
yo mama is so easy im your father
yo momma such a slut, she is like a golf course everybody puts there balls in her
yo momma such a slut, she thinks L.O.V.E. stands for: Legs. Open. Very. Easy.
yo mama such a slut that her vagina is like a 3 star hotel, there is always people coming in and out
yo mama's such a slut, if her vagina was a video game it would be rated E for Everyone.
Yo mama's been cocked more times than Elmer Fudd's shotgun.
yo mama's such a slut, she's like the Suez Canal - Vessels full of Seamen passing through everyday...
yo mama's such a slut her favorite appetizer is whorederves
Yo momma such a slut, her nickname is SUV because she's big, black,and has room for 6 construction workers inside
yo mama's such a slut she was the subject of the TV movie Fat Insane Whore
Yo mama put da rat in ratchet
Yo mama such a slut, she has more holes than swiss cheese
yo mama like a christmas tree, everyone lays their balls on her!
Yo mamma is like a train, people pay to ride her
Yo momma is like a bat: She sleeps during the day and she sucks during the night
Yo Mama such a slut, she puts salt water down her Trousers to Keep her crabs Fresh
yo mama's such a slut that when she went to Virgin Islands they had to change its name!
Yo momma such a slut, that I could've been Yo daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change.
Yo mama's such a slut, she doesn't say "Cock-a-doodle-do", she says "Any cock'll do!"
Yo mamas like humpty dumpty first she gets humped then she gets dumped
Yo mama's such a slut, she listed you as an incedental on her tax returns.
Yo mama's such a slut, I slapped her, I punched her and I hurt her and she didn't charge me extra.
Yo mama's such a slut, she interned for Bill Clinton
Yo mama's such a slut, she's been compared to a Big Mac -- full of fat and only worth a buck!
Yo mama such a slut, she licked 3 pop sicles and got pregant
Yo momma such a slut, she applied for a job at a strip club but they already had a stage.
Yo mama's such a slut, Yo daddy is a multiple-choice question.
Yo mama is like a miniature golf course, everybody putts their balls in her hole(s)
Yo momma wish she had two cojones because she knows what it's like when the man drops the parachute son
Yo mama such a slut, I told her I was looking for a job and she started giving me a blowjob.
yo mama is such a slut she will have sex with you for a ride home
YO MAMA'S SUCH A SLUT THAT SUM PEOPLE SAY "THE WIND BLOWS FOR FREE, HOW MUCH U CHARGE."
Yo mama's is such a slut, she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could "f" her first.
Yo mama's such a slut, she is like a protractor.....good at every angle.
Yo mama's such a slut, her pussy is called Jasmine, because it's always got Aladdin
Yo mama's such a slut, her sexuality is as straight as a circle.
Yo mama's such a slut, even the noble gases are attracted to her.
Yo mama's such a slut, that they're having to paternity test with the whole state of Texas just to find out who yo daddy is!
Yo mama such a slut, that i came home and asked what was for dinner. She opened her legs and said tuna suprise
Yo mama such a slut, that if her pussy had a password, it would be 1234.
Yo Momma's a Slut, even Rapists use condoms.
Yo momma is such a slut that her legs are like peanut butta.. EASY TO SPREAD!
Yo momma is such a slut, that theres a party in her mouth and everybody's coming
Yo mama is such a slut, her pants remind me of Vegas.... The kinda place I go to blow my Wad.
Yo mama is such a slut, her pussy is like Domino's Pizza, if you don't cum in 30 minutes the next one is free
Yo mama is such a slut, that b*tch has been on more wieners then Heinz Ketchup!
yo mama so horny she takes a hotdog fills it up with mayo and stick it up her ass for fun
Yo mama is such a slut a man called her a bitch and she got down on her hands and knees.
Yo mama such a curious slut, when she was told she'll be dating a Stud, she started banging the walls to try to figure out which one.
yo momma so slutty shes like a brick always geting slaped by mexicans
Yo mama so loose it'd be like opening a window and shagging the night.
Yo momma such a slut, she drives a Screw-ber.
Yo mama's like peanut butter: brown, creamy, and easy to spread.
Yo mama such a fat slut, that when people see her giving head on the street, they scream out: THERE SHE BLOWS!
Yo mama's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
Yo mama's like a squirrel, she's always got some nuts in her mouth.
Yo mama is like a bowling ball..... round, heavy, and you can fit three fingers in.
Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
Yo Ma Ma such a slut, when she found out she was pregnant she had to scroll back on her receipts hoping to find the father.
Yo mama is like the hand, everyone uses her when horny and lonely.
Yo momma's such a dumb slut when she was arrested for hooking she said was a british spy for MI-69.
Yo mama's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
Yo mama's like a race car driver - she burns a lot of rubbers.
Yo mamas like a picture she has been taken at every angle
Yo mama's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
Yo mama's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
Yo mama is like a carpenter's dream - flat as a board and easy to nail.
Yo mamma is like a bus, big, 50 cents, and 20 people can ride her at once
Yo mama's like a 5 foot tall basketball hoop, it ain't that hard to score.
Yo mama is like Humpty Dumpty - First she gets humped, then she gets dumped.
Yo mama is like an arcade game, when you give her a quarter she lets you play with her joy stick.
Yo mama such a slut, her favorite word is HARDER!
Yo momma such a slut she does her buisness outside a chinese shop
Yo momma is like a meatlocker every guy wants to store his meat in her
Yo Momma's had more pecker in her than a bar room urinal.
Yo mama such an old whore she slept with the Father, The Son, and the Holy Ghost
Yo mama's snatch has more friends then Tom on MySpace
Yo mama is like a telephone, even a 3 year old can pick her up.
Yo mama's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
yo mamas like a 1960's bottle. when the cap comes off, she starts spitting liquid.
yo mama is like a brifecase she only opens for buisness.
Yo mama's like a streetlamp, you can find her turned on at night on any street corner.
Yo mama's like the Pillsbury dough boy.....everybody pokes her.
Yo mama is like a gas station, when you pay she pumps!
yo mama such a slut when a teacher told her to write an essay she went to have sex with a mexican. ESSAY ESAAY ESSAY!
Yo mama's such a slut she's like a vaccum she sucks blows and gets laid in the closet
yo mama's so dry it takes a gallon of water to get her pussy wet
yo momma such a slut the virgin mary caught aids just by looking at her
Yo momma so easy, that Old McDonald went E I E I Hoe.
Yo mommas like a transformer, she makes ac to dc current look easy.
Yo momma didn't learn her ABC's, she learned her STD's
yo mama is like a chimpmunk her cheeks are packed full of nuts.
Yo mama so slutty she opens her legs and the entire Florida state penitentiary comes out.
Yo mamas pussy is like a can of pringles once you pop u can't stop
Yo mama such a slut, I asked her how to spell PENIS, and she said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tounge.
Yo mama's such a slut she did the splits and gave the floor a hickey!
Yo mamas like a hardware store 5 cents a screw!
Yo mama such a slut, her legs are just like Librarys. They're always open to the public.
Yo momma is such a slut, she's the reason all of your friends are eskimo brothers.
yo mama get so wet she turns into the worlds biggest water slide
Yo mama suck so much dick that her voice box is ruined from all the cum
Yo mamma like a christmas tree people hang their balls on her.
Yo mamas such a slut every male pornstar has dropped a load of cum in her.
Yo mama such a slut she'll do anything for anything and anyone for anyone.
Yo mama such a slut that she owns and operates a chain of whorehouses
Yo Momma so fat they call her pussy a VaGiant.
Yo momma so slutty, I asked her what comes before a trillion and she said a Brazilian.
Yo Mama so slutty, that if she spent more time raising you, instead of chasing men. Then she probably wouldn't have AID's.
Yo mamma so dumb and easy she went to the mall and hooked up with Five guys for burgers and fries.
Yo Mama so fat she uses burger grease as a lubricant.
Yo mama is like the Pillsbury Doughboy because everyone pokes her.
yo mama's such a slut she's like a chinese finger trap cause men cant get their fingers out of her
Yo mama such a slut she got a dick transplant just to f**k herself
Yo mama so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo mama so tall Yao Ming looks up to her
Yo mama so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo mama so tall she did a back flip and kicked Jesus in the chin
Yo mama's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun.
Yo mama so tall when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
yo momma is so tall she uses the eiffel tower as a dildo
Yo mama's so tall, she can see her house from anywhere.
Yo momma so tall Lisa Leslie is her minimee
Yo mama so tall, no matter where I go, I can't stop seeing her.
Yo mama so big she has to take a bath in Niagra falls
Yo mamma so long she went to Leeds and her legs were still at home
Yo momma so tall, she's the only one that can put Clifford the Big Red Dog on a tight leash.
Yo mama so tall she called the Ocean a kitty pool.
Yo momma so tall she uses the Empire State Building as a toothpick
Yo momma so tall she lit her cigarette on the sun.
Yo mama so tall, when she jumped in the air she got stuck between 2 clouds.
Yo momma so tall, she sells sweets in heaven.
Yo mama so tall and clumsy, she airballs more free throws then DeAndre Jordan.
Yo Mama so tall, she got put in the Giraffe Section when visiting a petting zoo.
Yo mama is so long she can take one step and arrive in Australia.
Yo momma is so tall she went swimming in the ocean and it only came up to her ankles.
Yo mama's so big that when they are playing football they used her for the goal post.
YO MAMA was so tall that she uses the sky as her skirt
Yo Mama so tall she has to do handstands to maintain oxygen.
yo mama so tall her pussy is taller than you.
Yo Mamma So Tall When She Asked Me To Climb Her, I Had To Pack Oxygen.
Yo mama so tall that when she fell stomache first her head was in the clouds
Yo mama so tall that she makes My Size Barbie look like regular sized Barbie
Yo mama so tall she plays tag with the clouds
yo momma is so tall,when she stood near the giraffe she was asked would you marry me?
Yo mama so tall she changes the fluorescent lighting sitting on the couch
Yo mama so tall that when I told her to take one step back she went to the other side of the world.
Yo momma so tall, she did a cart wheel and put lines through da clouds.
Yo Mama is so tall that the height of her feet are taller than the average adult man.
Yo mama is so tall on Christmas when you sit on her head you can see santa flying away in his sleigh.
yo mama so tall when she plays basketball, she has to lie down to put the ball in the hoop
Yo mama so tall she can sit on the London bridge and soak her feet!.
yo mama so flat, white and tall, when she fell people used her as a sidewalk!
yo mama so tall when I tell her to bend over she's still taller than me.
Yo momma so ugly an uber driver would rather get 1-star review than pick her up.
Yo mama so fat that her only friend on Facebook is McDonald's.
yo mama so ugly when she used the kinect, Microsoft renamed it the dis connect
YO Mamma is so fat she needs Google Earth to see her ass.
Yo mama so stupid she took the computer to the doctor because it had a virus
Yo mama so fat and dumb that she deleted all the cookies on her computer because she wanted to loose weight.
Yo mama so fat, she subscribed to pewdiepie's YouTube channel and tried to eat it.
Yo mama so short she needs a backpack to carry her iPhone.
Yo momma so stupid she opened up her phone and it said Sprint and she started running.
Yo momma so fat and stupid, she tears apart computers looking for cookies.
Yo momma such a slut, she drives a Screw-ber.
Yo Mamma so dumb, she thought Spotify was a stain remover!
Yo momma so old, she tried to make a TikTok and broke her hip.
Yo Mama so stupid she went to the jewelry store to get a new ringtone.
Yo momma is so slutty, she is trending on Tinder.
Yo mama so ugly, when she played Minecraft all the enderman teleported away to another server.
yo mama is so stupid she returned her smartphone because she thought it was dumb.
Yo momma is so poor she created a gmail account just so she can eat the spam.
Yo mama so tall when I reached the top of her I had full wifi bars.
Yo mama so ugly, Xbox Kinect rejected her.
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Xbox Live
Yo momma so ugly that most Snapchat filters make her better looking.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks menopause is a button on a VCR
Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on my 3DS she turned it into a 2DS.
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras
Yo mama so fat that when she took a selfie, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram crashed.
Yo mamas so stupid that she bought curtains for her computer just because it had Windows
Yo mama so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
yo mama so fat she has the weight loss commercial for a ringtone
Yo momma is so fat she needs a GPS to find her belly button
Yo Mama is so ugly Snapchat filters dont work on her.
Yo momma so fat Shutterfly doesn't have the technology to print a picture of her.
Yo mamma so fat, her baby photos were taken by a satellite.
Yo momma so dumb, when the doctor told her she had the coronavirus she bought a new laptop.
YO Mama so Fat, her Kik picture takes up the whole app.
Yo momma so mean she can't use the internet because of cyber bullying laws.
Yo momma so fat, she clogged the Dyson toilet.
Yo momma is so poor for Christmas she got a box, put two sticks on it, spun it and said son here's your Xbox 360
Yo mama is so stupid not even Google could translate her.
Yo mama so fat, her fingers are too fat for the iPad.
Yo mama so fat, when she auditioned for Star Trek she bent the space time continuum
Yo mama so stupid I told her to do the robot.....and now R2D2 has AIDS
yo momma so fat when she took a selfie it took 9 hours to post on instagram.
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo mama so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
yo mamma so ugly her mom sms her goodnight
Yo mama is so stupid she thinks Google Fiber is something used for constipation.
yo momma so fat she blocks the WiFi signal
Yo mama so stupid she wouldn't buy a gameboy because she was a girl
Yo mama butts so big SpaceX is still trying to land a space ship on it.
Yo mama's so fat, when she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!".
Yo mama so fat she uses Google Earth to take a selfie.
Yo mama so stupid when she found a groupon that said "50% OFF" she went looking for the other half.
yo mama so fat when she sat on my ipod and farted it turned into an I pad air!
Yo Mama so fat, that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide
Yo mama so fat when she sat on my iPad she turned it into a Flat Screen TV!
Yo mama so fat, the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale.
Yo mama so skinny the Olsen Twins called and said they want their eating disorder back.
Yo mama so fat she calls Honey Boo Boo an appetizer.
Yo Mama is so ugly that not even CSI could solve that mystery.
Yo Mamma is so hairy, it looks like she has all the male members of Duck Dynasty in a headlock.
Yo mama so fat she won "The Bachelor" because she ate all those other bitches.
Yo mama is so stupid she put washed the tv and said she was watching soap opera.
Yo mamma so stupid she believes everything that Brian Williams says.
Yo momma so fat when Chick-Fil-A was closed on Sunday, the next day she ate Mike and half of Molly.
Yo momma so fat she calls the Olsen Twins "Shish Kebabs"
Yo mama so dumb her children are the "Truitt brothers"
Yo Mama So Ugly, when she watches TV, the channels change themselves!.
Yo mama so ugly she scared off Flavor Flav
yo mama so fat, Rick and Morty found her in infinte dimesions.
Yo momma is so fat that she broke the elevator on Big Bang Theory.
Yo mama so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her
Yo mamma so ugly that handy Mandy said "We can't fix it...lets leave...muy rapido"
Yo mama so poor her tv has two channels. ON & OFF.
Yo mamas so fat Thomas the train thought she was the new engine.
Yo mama so fat that she makes Kendra Krinklesac look anorexic.
yo mamma so stupid that she sat on the t.v. and watched the couch
Yo mama so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Scooby Doo couldn't solve that mystery.
Yo mama is so hairy, Donald Trump took off his toupee and said, "Your hired!"
Yo Mama's so nasty, Pepe Le Pew smelled her ass and passed out.
Yo mama are so ugly that's why the Ninja Turtles are in the sewers these days
Yo mama so fat, she masterbates to the food channel
Yo mama so hairy she look like she got Buckwheat, Bob Marley and Don King in a headlock.
Yo momma so stupid, she hired Walder Frey as a Wedding Planner.
Yo mama so dumb she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
yo mamma is so fat that when she was coming down the stairs people thought EastEnders was on.
Yo mama so ugly she makes "Ugly Betty" look like a Victoria Secret Model.
Yo mama so fat, when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island."
Yo mama so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mama so fat she made The Fat Controller look anorexic!
Yo mama's so nasty, Shaggy and Scooby Doo wouldn't do her even for a scooby snack.
Yo mama so ugly when she sent me a photo of her I screamed so loud that Caillou grew hair, Curious George was no longer curious, and McDonalds became healthy.
Yo mama so ugly, Bob the Builder took one look at her and said "We can't fix that!"
Yo mama so poor when I came over her house I asked what happend to the color t.v she said we out of crayons
Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon
Yo mama so dumb she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Yo momma such a moron, she thought South Park was about Antarctica.
Yo mama so ugly, videos of her have the disclaimer "Viewer descresion is advised"
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed three episodes.
Yo mama so stupid when robbers took the TV she ran down stairs and dialed 911 on the microwave.
Yo mama so fat, that when she went on the "Biggest Loser" she said "Dang! Why is everyone here so skinny?"
Yo mamma is so hairy when she puts on a yellow dress she looks like big bird
Yo mama is so stupid she put a piece of paper on the tv so she can watch paperview.
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away"
Yo mama so fat when she said beam me up scotty he said "I cant your to heavy."
Yo Mama So Fat Drew Carey wanted her to be Mimi on the "Drew Carey Show", but she couldn't fit in a camera shot.
yo mama so ugly State Farm said "Like a good neighbor stay over there!"
yo mama so Fat that she picks her teeth with the Olsen Twins.
Yo mama so fat even Mickey Mouse said she can't come in his clubhouse.
Yo mama is so dumb she thought Orange is the New Black was about Donald Trump.
Yo Mama So Stupid that Rerun, Raj, Dwayne and yo momma all share the same DNA.
Yo mama so ugly Handy Manny wouldn't introduce her to Mr. Lopart
Yo moma so dumb she thought she thought she needed a green card to watch Dora the Explorer.
Yo momma so fat that even Roose Bolton wouldn't touch her.
yo mama so stupid she thought that the Power Rangers were electricians
Yo mama is so horny even Alan Harper thought she was desperate.
Yo mama so dumb, she tried to help Marcia Brady get her Natures Study Badge.
Yo Momma So Fat Ryan Secrest Used Her For The New Years Ball Drop
Yo mama is so slutty, she thought Wild N Out was a porn audition
Yo mama so stupid she tried to print a Youtube video
Yo mama so fat and dumb she wanted to cook a PewDiePie.
Yo momma so dumb she ate a smurf just to get bluetooth.
Yo Mama so cool, she mooned Judge Judy after she told her to Pull Up Her Big Girls Panties.
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away"
Yo mama so hairy, if she was any character in The Amazing World of Gumball, she would be Principal Brown!
Yo mama is so fat she wanted to enter the Miss Universe Pageant and they told her "But why? You are already the Universe..."
Yo mama so ugly she looks like Cookie Monster ate her hairline.
yo mama so ugly jake paul made her his girlfriend because he was tired of Logan trying to steal them.
Yo mama so fat not even Chuck Norris can penetrate her.
Yo mama so cheap that she makes Mr. Krabs look generous.
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a red jacket everyone said hey it's Clifford.
Yo momma so poor the show "2 Broke Girls" is based on her life.
Yo mama so ugly when she looks in a mirror it says "viewer discretion advised".
Yo mama so hot she made Jesse Katsopolis say "Have Mercy!"
Yo Mama is so hairy, Bear Grylls can't find his way out of there!
Yo mama so short Max Black thought she was Han Lee's sister.
Yo momma so dumb, a robber stole her TV and she ran after him saying "Wait, you forgot the remote!"
Yo mama so stupid she opened a coconut and called for Patrick.
Yo momma so fat whenever she turns on the TV it goes straight to the fitness channel.
Yo mama so old, she knew Doctor Who when he was Doogie Howser, M.D.!
Yo mama so fat when she farts they have to put it on the weather channel!
Yo mama is so ugly Shaggy asked Scooby if he would get near her for Scooby Snacks and he said "Hell No".
Yo mama so fat that when she passes by the tv, Jesse Pinkman was in and out of rehab 4 times.
Yo Mamma So thick that when I slap her thighs I be ridin the waves.
Yo momma thicker than a bowl of oatmeal.
Yo momma look like a bottle of maple syrup.......THICK.
Yo mama so thick she has more curves than a race track.
Yo Mama's so thick, it took Thanos two snaps to kill her.
Yo mama so thick she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo momma thicker than the bible....and I wanna read all her pages.
Yo mama so thick that when she took a semi-naked selfie, Instagram crashed.
Yo mama so thick they found carmen san diego in between her thighs.
Yo momma so thick, her body curves space and time.
Yo momma's so thick, her Lee's jean size is bigger than the Lee population of Asia.
yo mama so thick her curves need separate zipcodes.
Yo mamma so ridiculous she is ridiculously thick.
Yo mama so thick, she wears "Hammer Pants" as skinny jeans
Yo Mama is so thick her high school senior photo was a double page spread.
Yo mama so thick, when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuum
Yo momma so thick, her initials are BBW.
Yo momma so ugly that most Snapchat filters make her better looking.
Yo mama so ugly people from New Orleans are giving her money .
Yo mama so ugly I told her to take out the trash and she moved out of my house
Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so ugly just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Yo Mama so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo Mama So Ugly, when she watches TV, the channels change themselves!.
Yo mama so fat and ugly when she play Mortal Kombat, Scorpion said "Stay over there"
Yo mama so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo mama so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras
Yo mama so ugly, when she looked in the mirror and said, "Bloody Mary three times."Bloody Mary put up sign said out of business"
Yo mamas so ugly she's the reason why Sonic the Hedgehog runs
Yo mamas so ugly people think that you and her are twins!
Yo mama so ugly One Direction went the other way!
Yo mama so ugly her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Yo mama so ugly when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mom so ugly when she tried to enter the ugly contest they said you should be a judge
Yo mama so ugly when there was a fire, the fireman carried her out, looked at her, and put her back in.
Yo mama so ugly her portraits hang themselves!
Yo mama is so ugly she walked in a restaurant the grade from the health inspector went from an A to a Z.
Yo Mama is so ugly that not even CSI could solve that mystery.
Yo momma so ugly, the government hired her to stop the coronavirus.
Yo momma so fat and ugly she made "One Direction" change their name to "Opposite Direction".
Yo mama is so ugly that even Scooby Doo couldn't solve that mystery.
yo mamma so ugly even Ripley wont believe it
Yo momma so ugly she got a cease and decist letter from Sear's photography.
yo mama so ugly when she lookes in the mirror Micheal Jackson sings beat it.
Yo mama so ugly she scared off flavor flav
yo momma is so ugly even the trash man wouldn't pick her up
yo mama so ugly that santa said ho ho holy shit
Yo mama so ugly must have been born on a highway because that is where most accidents happen.
Yo momma so ugly her bodywash is CLR: Calcium, Lime, and Rust
yo mama is so ugly, I put pictures of her on my car to prevent my radio from getting stolen.
Yo mama so ugly she scared the shit out of the toilet
Yo Mama So Ugly, she's the reason Slenderman has no eyes.
Yo mama so ugly,Bob the Builder took one look at her and said "We can't fix that!"
Yo mama so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo Mama is so freaking ugly she couldn't give One Direction, one erection.
Yo mama so ugly the local peeping-tom knocked on her door, and asked her to shut her blinds
Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.
Yo mama so ugly she looks like a homeless Lorena Bobbit.
Yo mama so ugly everyone tries not to notice her
Yo mama so ugly they're thinking about moving Halloween to her birthday
yo mama so ugly slenderman ran away from her.
Yo mama so ugly her parents had to tie a pork chop on her neck so the dog would play with her.
Yo Mama's so ugly, when she died, they couldn't even tell if she was human.
Yo mama so ugly your dad drinks at a bar and looks at her picture till she looks good before he goes home. .
Yo mama so ugly when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours. . .for a quote!
Yo mama so ugly she tried to take a bath the water jumped out!
Yo mama so ugly bullets refuse to kill her
Yo mama so ugly when she looks in the mirror her reflection ducks
Yo mama so ugly she looks out the window and gets arrested!
Yo mama so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama so ugly, she looks like she's been bobbing for apples in hot grease
Yo mama so ugly, when I took her to the zoo, they said thanks for bringing her back
Yo mama's so ugly that she could make three colors of paint peel off of a two-tone Chevy!
Yo momma so ugly, she looks like Lil Huddy with tits.
Yo mama's face could make The Pillsbury Dough boy hop back into the cardboard tube!
Yo mama so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone!
Yo Mama so ugly when she puts makeup on she is even uglier!
yo mama so ugly she made dirt look like a super model
yo mama so ugly when one direction was heading torwards her they went the other way
Yo mama so ugly they feed her with a frisbee
Yo mama so ugly she got a prescription mirror
yo momma so ugly, when she goes into a strip joint, they pay her to keep her cloths on
Yo momma so ugly when she was born the doctor slapped everybody
yo momma so ugly that when her time was up the angel of death took her soul instead.
Yo mama so ugly she went into a haunted house and walked out with an application
Yo mama so ugly, pictures of her have the disclaimer "Viewer descresion is advised"
Yo mama so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning
Yo mama so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama so ugly that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo mama so ugly her reflection gives her the finger
yo mama so ugly she makes fidget spinners stop spinning.
Yo mama so ugly she has the booty of a stripper and the face of a trucker
Yo mama so ugly she went to a haunted house, when she came out the other side, they gave her an application
Yo mama so ugly she scares the roaches away.
Yo mama so ugly I heard that your dad first met her at the pound.
Yo mama so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly they cut godzilla so she could make a movie
Yo mama so ugly she made freddie krueger and jason commit suicide
yo momma so so ugly she needs bulletproof mirrors so she don't have to keep buying them
Yo momma so ugly she made the Illuminati close its one eye.
Yo mama so ugly Handy Manny wouldn't introduce her to Mr. Lopart
yo mama's so ugly her face should be regestired as a lethal weapon.
Yo mama so ugly that when god was handing out looks she was last in line
Yo momma so ugly she had to go trick or treating over the phone.
Yo mama's so ugly ,she had to put a pair of balls under her chin just to get a dog to lick her!
yo mama is so ugly when she went to the bank they had to turn the surveillance cameras off
Yo mama so ugly she can't buy mirrors unless there is a bag over her head.
yo mama so ugly, she entered an ugly contest and they said sorry no professionals.
Yo mama so ugly that your own grandma left her at the park and got charged for littering.
Yo mama so ugly she's only allowed to go out on October 31st.
Yo mama has a fanny like an axe-wound in a gorilla's back.
Yo mama so ugly ,if ugliness was a brick she'll be the GREAT WALL OF CHINA
Yo mamma so ugly that handy Mandy said "We can't fix it...lets leave...muy rapido"
yo mama sooo ugly when the eclipse happened no body needed to stay inside or wear special glasses to look at the eclipse 'cause everyone was already blind by yo mama's ugliness.
Yo mamas so ugly She doesn't need a Umbrella cause The rain Just Goes Around Her.
Yo mama so ugly that yo daddy's breath smells like shit cause he'd rather kiss her ass.
Yo momma so ugly when she took out the trash and waited for the garbage truck, the truck took her.
Yo mama so ugly when she step outside all the car alarms started going off start playing why you so ugly you got me crying.
Yo mama so ugly that the only person that wanted to sleep with her was a dog.
yo momma is so ugly if she held up two dead rats in the mirror she'd be looking at the three ugliest things in the world.
Yo mama so ugly that she looks like she's pissed in more sinks than she's washed in.
Yo Mama so ugly, she made the Back Street Boys go Front.
Yo momma is so ugly her own ass refused to marry her
yo momma so fat and ugly that when she took a shower that it broke and when she looked in the mirror it broke
Yo mama so ugly she's only been married once.
Yo mama so ugly, even Jabba The Hut said "DAMN!"
Yo mama so ugly she is MJ's nose twin.
Yo mama so ugly, when she took a bath and it turned into shit water.
YO MAMA SO UGLY..................WELL JUST LOOK AT YOU............
Yo mama is so ugly when she makes paper cranes, they fly away.
Yo mama so ugly, her license plate reads, UGLY I ain't got no alibi
yo momma so, ugly when she died and St Peter saw her, he said, "are you kidding me you to ugly to go to heaven"
Yo mama was so ugly the day she born her father made a smokey glass cradle
Yo mamma so ugly she made yoda talk straight.
Yo mama was so ugly that she went to Ms. ugly contest and she got disqualified for being too ugly.
Yo mama so ugly she had to trick or treat over the phone
Yo mama so ugly she cant even have a good conversation with sumbody with letting them run away first
Yo mama so ugly she is MJ's nose twin
Yo mama so ugly even Slender Man wouldn't take her on a date.
Yo mama so ugly she looks like Cookie Monster ate her hairline.
Yo mama so ugly she give Freddie Kruger nightmares.
Yo mama's so ugly! When she looked at my cat it took all nine of her lives!
Yo mama so ugly, when she stepped out of my car, I got fined for littering.
Yo mama's so fat, when Santa saw her, he said, "ho ho holy shit! That's an ugly bitch!"
Yo mama has so many warts in her mouth that you can read you're ugly in braille when she kisses you.
Yo mama has a face like she was set on fire & put out with a golf shoe!
Yo mama so ugly her birth certificate was an apology from the condom factory
Yo mama so ugly she buys her make up at Home Depot.
Yo mama so ugly she made the devil go to church
Yo mama so ugly her pillow cries at night
Yo mama so ugly that when someone looks at her, they die instantly
Yo mama looks like she's been bobbing for apples in a chipper.
Yo momma so ugly she passed out a frat party and woke up with more clothes on.
yo mama so ugly that its illegal for her to go outside!
Yo mama so ugly she looked in the mirrior and the glass cracked
Yo mama so ugly she entered the ugliest people contest and she won 1st 2nd and 3rd.
Yo mama is so ugly she makes blind kids cry!
Yo mama so ugly she scared the paint off the wall.
Yo mama has a face like a bulldog licking piss off a nettle
Yo mama so ugly she makes "Ugly Betty" look like a Victoria Secret Model.
Yo momma so ugly, even her dildo needs viagra.
Yo mama so ugly she made a curve go straight.
Yo Mama So ugly, when she smiles, her face hurt.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could walk into a deli and straighten all the sausages!
Yo Mama So ugly, her face is like she's been ram-raiding on a moped.
Yo Mama is so ugly, when she looked up to the sky it started falling.
Yo mama so ugly she walked into the hood and scared the black off one of my home boys.
Yo mama so ugly when people see her face they say "Hey,lady!It ain't Halloween yet!"
Yo mama's so ugly she has to apply her makeup with a chainsaw
Yo mama is so ugly, when she looked at the mirror, EVERY MIRROR IN THE WORLD BROKE!
Yo mama's so ugly when she look in the mirror her reflection run away
Yo mama is so ugly and fat, Satan took one look at her and said "Hellllllll No!"
Yo mama's so ugly that the Pillsbury Doughboy saw her and popped back into the tube
Yo mama's face just shows what can happen when you stick your head into a garbage disposal and go bobbing for leftovers
Yo momma so ugly, when she fell off the ugly tree, she hit every ugly branch on the way down!!
Yo mama so ugly Bob the Builder said "I cant fix that but i can bury it."
Yo Mama so ugly that yo daddy's breath smells like shit cause he'd rather kiss her ass.
yo mama so ugly a pitbull wouldn't bite her.
Yo mama is ugly people thinks she's yoda of star wars
Yo mama is so ugly they call the day she was born, the uglypocalypse.
yo mama so fugly that she is the reason why monsters hide under the bed.
Yo mama so damn ugly when reaches in her pockets money scatter like roaches
yo mama so teeth so ugly they be throw in up gang signs in each direction.
Yo mama so ugly that the pictures of her on the wall try to run away from themselves
yo mama so ugly she made the bogey man run away
yo mama so ugly that yo daddy met her in the dog show.
Yo mama so ugly she invented blind dates.
yo mama so ugly that the Guantanamo Bay doesn't waterboard inmates anymore they use your mama's bikini pictures
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away"
yo momma so ugly she couldnt get God to love her
Yo mama so ugly she gets 364 days to dress up for halloween
yo mama so ugly she makes a hot lava turn into obsidian.
Yo mama so ugly trolls looked at her from a mile away and said "keep that thing away from me"
yo momma so ugly she scared the shit out of the tollet.
Yo mama is so ugly Shaggy asked Scooby if he would get near her for Scooby Snacks and he said "Hell No".
Yo mama so ugly she made Ray Charles flinch
Yo mama so ugly that she gets checks from Jerry's Kids
Yo momma so ugly, at thanksgiving dinner the turkey got up and left.
Yo mama so ugly she didn't just get hit by the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole DAMN TREE!!!
Yo mama so ugly, if my dog had a face like hers, I'd shave it's ass and teach it to walk backwards.
yo momma ugly when she walk down the street children start crying
Yo momma so ugly that they had to creamate her remains.
Yo momma so ugly they passed the law that she can only do online shopping.
Yo mama so ugly that the Statue of Liberty laughed at her
Yo mama so ugly, Xbox Kinect rejected her.
Yo mama so ugly when the garbage truck drove by she ran after it yelling "Wait you forgot me!"
Yo mama so ugly she recieved facial reconstruction for free
yo mama so ugly by the time she was born the doctor took one look and threw her in the trash.
yo mama so ugly she took christmas pictures and they refuse to print or load
yo mama so ugly that everytime she walks she gets charged for murder
Yo mama so ugly when she walked out of the pet store the alarm went off cashier is like sir you gonna pay for that
Yo mamma is so ugly , she looked into the mirror and her reflection killed her self !
yo momma so ugly when it rain and she go outside she still be dry.
Yo momma so ugly she killed her shadow.
Yo mamas so ugly, she's the reason why Waldo is hiding.
yo mama so ugly not even a dementor would suck her soul
Yo mama so Ugly that the mirror, mirror on the wall said she was the ugliest of them all. (then he cracked)
yo mama so ugly not even gold fish crackers smile back.
Yo mama so ugly she does not have to pay the rent because the landlord always walks away
Yo mama so ugly when she cries tears roll down her head backward to avoid her face
Yo mamma is so ugly, blob fish are even cuter then her!
yo mama so ugly that when she went into the bank, they asked her to PUT ON a skimask
Yo Mama so ugly, when got hit by a car, your family was worried about the car.
yo mama so ugly that when she went to god he said he didn't create her
Yo mama so ugly she broke fix-it-Felix jr.'s hammer.
Yo mama so ugly, Pontiac's engineers inspired the Aztek out of her.
yo mama so ugly she went to a stop sign and it said go
yo momma is ugly the that the news people try to report on her and she broke the camera
Yo momma so ugly she went to Taco Bell and every buddy ran for the border.
Yo mama so ugly her own dog can't stand to look at her
Yo mama is so ugly that she had to make claim with AFLAC
Yo mama so ugly she couldn't find a priest to officiate her wedding.
Yo mama is so ugly, she was on the cover of Ripley's Believe It Or Not as "The Most Terrifying Creature To Date."
Yo mama so ugly she answered the age old question "If looks could kill?"
Yo mama so ugly everyone thinks she's a vampire because her reflection ran away.
yo mama so ugly when she went to counter at Macy's the lady said there is not enough make up in the world.
Yo mama so ugly, she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't come back
Yo Mama so ugly, before she walked into a tree, it yelled "Timber!
yo mama so ugly she made a happy meal, frown
Yo Momma is so ugly, even homeless people won't take her money!
yo mama so ugly and hairy when she went to get plastic surgery they said "sorry we don't work on donkeys"
Yo mama's face was so ugly only a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could make her pretty.
Yo mama so ugly that when she tells the truth, it's the ugly truth!
yo mama is so ugly that when god sent her to the devil, the devil sent her back and said "Dont send me your sins."
Yo mama's so ugly, Shaggy and Scooby Doo wouldn't do her even for a scooby snack.
yo mama so ugly, that when the zombie apocalypse arrived, she was the only human being that survived.
Yo momma so ugly when fat Albert ran away from her, he lost 50 pounds.
Yo mama is so ugly, she is a living pseudo-placenta.
Yo mama's so ugly, cupid had to shoot a gajillion arrows at her to convince yo daddy to fall in love with her.
Yo mama so ugly, when the Grinch came to steal Christmas, he left the wrapping paper and put it on her face.
Yo mama so ugly, when a honey badger went to attack, he looked at her face and died.
Yo momma so ugly she scared the good looks off of Justin Bieber
Yo momma so ugly she's only been married once.
Yo mama so ugly that Krampus punishes kids every Christmas by showing them pictures of her in a bathing suit.
Yo mama so ugly she's in the Guinness Book of World Records for the scariest halloween costume.
Yo mama so ugly That when she signs up for a beauty contest they Say sorry this is a BEAUTY only contest
yo mama so ugly that when she looked out the window the neighbors said "Ohh thats why they call it window pain."
Yo mama is so ugly, that your birth certificate was the apology letter to the condom factory
Yo momma so ugly, not even Willy Wonka can sugar coat it.
Yo momma so ugly, that she made sadness (inside out) feel better about herself. Thats just sad!
Yo mama so ugly Moses regretted not adding an 11th commandment "Thou shall not look at your mother"
Yo mama so ugly she walked up to a cat and gave it a heartattack
Yo momma so ugly, that make-up only made her uglier.
Yo momma so ugly, she registered in a 4 person beauty contest. The results was, in first Shrek, in second Fat-Bastard, in third Freddy Kruger, and in twelveth place yo momma.
Yo mama so ugly when she sent me a photo of her I screamed so loud that Caillou grew hair, Curious George was no longer curious, and McDonalds became healthy.
Yo momma so ugly, when she uploaded her selfie, all the social networking sites reported denial of service attacks.
Yo mama so ugly, that when she walked into a Halloween store all the kids said "I want that one".
yo mama so ugly, shes the reason slender man has no eyes.
Yo mama so ugly yo grandma wonders how the heck she gave birth to you.
Yo mama is so fat and ugly that when she went to the Chinese parade they thought she was the dragon.
yo mama is so ugly that when she looked at the mirror it said "I quit" and broke.
Yo mama so ugly she went into the house of mirrors and it burned down.
Yo mamma is so ugly that when she went to the zoo, the zookeeper said "go back in your cage"
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Xbox Live
Yo mama so fat she sued Xbox 360 for guessing her weight.
Yo mama so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins
Yo mama so dumb she wouldn't buy a gameboy because she was a girl
Yo mamas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit
Yo mamma so fat even Kirby can't eat her.
Yo momma so fat if she was a Pokemon she'd be a jigglypuff.
Yo mama is so stupid that she died in a flight simulator.
Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY!
Yo mama so stupid she went to the library to find Facebook
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Pokemon was a Jamaican steryotype.
yo mama so fat, when she made a club penguin account, SHE TIPPED THE ICE-BERG!!!
Yo mama so ugly when she play Mortal Kombat, Scorpion said "Stay over there"
Yo momma so fat she doesn't play Temple Run she plays "TEMPLE ROLLL".
yo mamas so fat not even ninja could carry her in a fortnite battle.
Yo mama so stupid she took the computer to the doctor because it had a virus
Yo mama so fat she broke the 64 block limit on Minecraft.
Yo mama so short, Chica grabbed her because she thought it was her cupcake.
yo mama so stupid she kept losing in Halo cause she couldn't find the oranges.
Yo mama is so fat when she was in Call of Duty she got killed and the person that killed her got a five person kill streak.
Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her.
Yo mama so ugly, Xbox Kinect rejected her.
yo mama so old and mean, she is the original Angry Bird.
Yo Mama So Stupid, She Thought A Roblox was A Robot Made of Blocks.
Yo mama so ugly she's the reason why Sonic runs fast!
yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty.
yo mama so ugly, when she played Baldis Basics she got instant detention.
Yo mama so fat the developers of Forza Motorsport 5 for Xbox One used her as a playable track in the game.
Yo mama so ugly, when she played Minecraft all the enderman teleported away to another server.
Yo mama is so stupid that when she played five nights at freddys she stuffed her self in a costume
Yo mama so fat, SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES!
Yo mama so ugly in FNAF shes the reason the marionette cries.
Yo mama so fat that she gets jealous of Pac-Man and all the pellets he gets to eat.
Yo momma is so fat when she played Five Nights at Freddy's, Freddy found her and couldn't fit her in a costume.
Yo momma so ugly, the ender dragon took one look at her and dropped dead.
yo mama so fat, that her splash attack actually does damage.
Yo mama so stupid,when she played Five Nights At Freddy's, she put stuffed herself in the suit
yo mama so ugly when she used the kinect Microsoft renamed it the dis connect
Yo momma so fat, she only has to jump up and down once to beat candy crush.
yo mama sooooooooooo ugly that freddy fazbear even runs away.
Yo mama's so stupid I said something about Pikachu and she said "Bless You!"
Yo Mama's so fat, she was considered as a map for Forza Horizon
yo mamas so fat she crashed the fortnite servers
Yo Mommas like a video game, she's Rated E for everyone.
Yo mama so ugly, she's the reason Minecraft ghasts eyes are closed.
Yo mamas so ugly she's the reason Eyeless Jack is eyeless.
Yo Mama's teeth are so yellow that whenever she opens her mouth, people throw Pokeballs at her teeth because they thought it was Pikachu.
Yo mama's so stupid, when she tried to play Animal Jam, she took out a gun and said, "We're goin' hunting!"
Yo mama so ugly the animatronic animals from Five Nights at Freddy's ran away the moment they saw her.
Yo mama so ugly she broke fix-it-Felix jr.'s hammer.
Yo momma so ugly her "good side" is considered a fatality in Mortal Kombat.
Yo mama so poor, she still works the night shift at Freddy Fazbears Pizzeria.
Yo mama is so ugly when she played assassins creed she killed a Templar just by looking at him
Yo momma so dumb she married the father from "Who's Your Daddy".
Yo mama is so fat when she plays slither.io she is immediately in first place.
Yo mama so fat, she evolves from Groudon.
Yo mama is so fat, she is heavier than a Iron Golem.
Yo mama's so ugly when she was playing GTA everybody got murdered.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on my 3DS she turned it into a 2DS.
yo mommas ass is so hairy donkey kong popped out and shouted "Only In America"
Yo mama is so fat freddy fazbear couldnt stuff her in a costume.
Yo mama so weird she picks her nose just to be gross!
Yo momma so weird I asked her if she liked Star Wars and she told me she has a vibrating light saber under her bed!
Yo mama is so weird not even Google could translate her.
Yo momma is so weird, she pretends to have elaborate conversations with herself.
Yo mama so weird, she makes Zooey Deschanel feel normal.
Yo mama so weird, she talks to animals as if they were babies.
Yo mama so weird, she tries to move things with her mind before doing it in real life.
Yo mama so weird, when playing Monopoly, before passing go, she stops and looks both ways.
Yo mama so weird, she worries about the FBI listening in on her conversations.
Yo mamma so weird, she pretends to talk in different accents for no good reason.
Yo mama so weird, she has practiced her evil laugh to perfection.
Yo momma so weird, nobody gets her humor not even her.
Yo mama so weird, she doesn't think Stranger Things is very strange at all.
Yo mama so weird everyone wishes she was more self conscious.
Yo momma so weird nobody thinks they can cure her awkwardness.
Yo mama's so white, she makes the Queen look like Queen Latifah.
Yo mama's so white, she could go to her wedding naked.
Yo Momma so white that when you turn off the lights you can still see her
Yo mama so white, she makes the Pillsbury Doughboy look like a Mexican!
Yo mama so white, you family wear shades indoors!
Yo mama so white, she gets a sunburn standing in front of the TV!
Yo mama's so white, she makes Michael Jackson look black.
yo mamma so white she makes vanilla ice cream say daaaamm!
Yo Momma So white, during winter she's invisible.
Yo Mama is whiter than Mitt Romney in a Snow storm
Yo mama so white Xbox Live wont let her play BLACK ops
Yo momma so white, she uses cocaine for makeup.
yo mama so white, people ask her if she's ascending to heaven.
yo mama so white she couldn't go shopping on BLACK friday.
Yo mama so white, Miley Cyrus said somebody sweep up the white trash
Yo mama so white she makes a marshmallow look tan.
yo mama so white I had to where shades during sex.
Yo mama so white she layed down on a bed and turned in to snow white.
Yo mama so white, old, and racist that she keeps asking you to track down her runaway slaves.
Yo mamas so white that the sun has to put on sun glasses...
Yo mama is so white, she blinded the angels.
yo mama so white when she went trick or treating everyone thought she was a ghost.
Yo momma so white, she can stand in front of a television and get a tan.
Yo mama is so white that back in the first grade the kids wrote all over her and when the teacher tried to grade yo mama he went blind
yo mama so white she makes the holy ghost say "Dayum"
Yo Mama so white she doesn't have a shadow.
Yo mama so white and fat, that she is often mistaken for the iceberg that sunk the titanic.
Yo mama so white when god said let there be light he could not see her.
yo momma so white she gets a tan from watching the microwave
Yo mama so white her nickname is "Whiteout" cause nothing is whiter than yo momma.
Yo Mama so white she blends in with the snow.
Yo mama so white, when she drinks milk you can't see the milk mustache.
Yo mama so white, when I turned on the lights I couldn't see her!
Yo mama so white, she's in the Guiness Book of World Records for being the most racist person on the planet.
Yo mama is so light skinned, if you turn the lights on she would disappear!
yo mama so white when she sleeps with a black man they look like a ring yang
Yo Mama so white, she uses flour as makeup.
Yo momma so white when she holds a Persian cat all you can see is its eyes.
Yo mama so white she thought Malcolm X was a porno.
Yo Mama sooo damn white, When she took off her shirt at night, she got burned by the moon.
Yo momma so fat and white when she got hit by a monster truck She said "Who threw that rock?"
yo mamma so white when she puts on a white t-shirt, you cant tell where she starts and the shirt begins.
Yo Momma so white, that Charlie Sheen told her "The cocaine goes IN YOUR NOSE not all over your face genius"
Yo mama so white when she had sex with a black man, they looked like a ying yang sign
Yo mama so white and cold blooded, she bleeds snow.
Yo mama so white when she went to school, she was often marked absent.
Yo mama so white, in art class, the art teacher tried to use her for an alabaster sculpture!
Yo mama so white when she has a threesome with black men they look like an oreo cookie.
Yo Mama sooo white, when Eminem saw her he said "don't rap with me, go form a group with Vanillia Ice.
Yo mama's so old, white and racist she thought only white people lived in the white house
Yo momma so white, they use her in light houses to guide ships in at night!
Yo mama so white she gets sunburned by the moon.
Yo mama so blonde, I got a look at her minge and it burned my eyeballs off.
Yo mama so white, she buys her makeup in the baking aisle
Yo momma so white, when she visited the whitehouse she got lost!
Yo momma so white that she got in the hot-tub and made creamer!